
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  47712                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    85697                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               25170659                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490192                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    11.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549660                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987252                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        60608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        70144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              258816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        58944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            58944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          947                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1096                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            921                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 921                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    209011793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6621282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    431266149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    241897492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              892548775                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    431266149                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         431707568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        203273349                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             203273349                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        203273349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    209011793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6621282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    431266149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    241897492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1095822123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      944                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.311868                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      944                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971063355000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.311868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.519492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.519492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              15                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          960                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            960                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          975                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             975                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       635000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       635000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    163914880                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    163914880                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    164549880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    164549880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    164549880                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    164549880                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          960                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          960                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170744.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170744.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168769.107692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168769.107692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168769.107692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168769.107692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1206200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 103                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11710.679612                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            929                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 929                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       451500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       451500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    152531192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    152531192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    152982692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    152982692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    152982692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    152982692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        30100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 158886.658333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158886.658333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 156905.325128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156905.325128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 156905.325128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156905.325128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           15                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        61440                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           15                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           169                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1663.039603                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              29                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           169                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.171598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           43.442623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.601281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.913475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.675878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1116.989234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    466.417175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.010606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.272702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.113871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.406016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2478                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1622                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          270                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4486                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             294                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  294                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   43                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2478                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1622                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4529                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1974                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          823                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2844                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1974                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1102                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3123                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3165741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       812038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203584348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86710928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      294273055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28667347                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28667347                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3165741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       812038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203584348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115378275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       322940402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3165741                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       812038                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203584348                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115378275                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      322940402                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          294                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              294                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          322                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              322                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.548943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.752973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.387995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.866460                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.866460                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.548943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.778799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.408129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.548943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.778799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.408129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105524.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101504.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103132.901722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105359.572296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103471.538326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102750.347670                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102750.347670                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105524.700000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101504.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103132.901722                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104698.979129                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103407.109190                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105524.700000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101504.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103132.901722                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104698.979129                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103407.109190                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   3                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        3                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3002241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       767538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    192689709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82208686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    278668174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27117547                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27117547                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3002241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       767538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    192689709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109326233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    305785721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3002241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       767538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    192689709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109326233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    305785721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3184660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3184660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7056884                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7056884                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10241544                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10241544                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.548943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.752973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.386767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.866460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.866460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.548943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.778799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.406952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.548943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.778799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.406952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100074.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95942.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97613.834347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99889.047388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98295.652205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97195.508961                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97195.508961                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100074.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95942.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97613.834347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99207.107985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98197.084457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100074.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95942.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97613.834347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99207.107985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98197.084457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1666.891607                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.287374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.633411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.969806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1141.774970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    487.226122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.050869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     24                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               3                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    3                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      24                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     24                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          819                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2820                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          277                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                277                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1096                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3097                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2898041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185746111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79286665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      268671655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25998865                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     25998865                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2898041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185746111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105285530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       294670520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2898041                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185746111                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105285530                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      294670520                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                3                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.991561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.992310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.992310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96601.366667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95059.422211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96809.114774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95273.636525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93858.718412                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93858.718412                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96601.366667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95059.422211                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96063.439781                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95147.084275                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96601.366667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95059.422211                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96063.439781                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95147.084275                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          277                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           277                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2482779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158306698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67843456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229261758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22043164                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22043164                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2482779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158306698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89886620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251304922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2482779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158306698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89886620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251304922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2835350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2835350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9151850                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9151850                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.989426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82759.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81016.733879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82836.942613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81558.789755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79578.209386                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79578.209386                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82759.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81016.733879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82013.339416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81381.127591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82759.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81016.733879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82013.339416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81381.127591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3086                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               437.660198                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   27381                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3086                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  8.872651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971066579300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.789431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   436.870767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.853263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.854805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30913                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          30932                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           30932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30913                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          30932                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4223                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4225                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4223                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4225                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    286186607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    286186607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    286186607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    286186607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    286186607                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    286186607                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67768.554819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67736.475030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67768.554819                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67736.475030                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67768.554819                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67736.475030                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          627                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          627                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222975414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    222975414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222975414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    222975414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222975414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    222975414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62006.511123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62006.511123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62006.511123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62006.511123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62006.511123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62006.511123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          116                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.598940                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          116                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.448276                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.329868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.269072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.020617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.579317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.599934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          227                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          227                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          227                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          227                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          124                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          127                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          124                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          127                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2386265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2386265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2386265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2386265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2386265                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2386265                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.353276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.358757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.353276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.358757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.353276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.358757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19244.072581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18789.488189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19244.072581                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18789.488189                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19244.072581                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18789.488189                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1994906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1994906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1994906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1994906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1994906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1994906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.353276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.353276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.353276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16087.951613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16087.951613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16087.951613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16087.951613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16087.951613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16087.951613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2495                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.552885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.106613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4971155142000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.064377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.488509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.066524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.780532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.847055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          351                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          351                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          351                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          351                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2509                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2512                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2509                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2512                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31310361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31310361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31310361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31310361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31310361                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31310361                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.877401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.877401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.877401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12479.219211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12464.315685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12479.219211                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12464.315685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12479.219211                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12464.315685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23576211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23576211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23576211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23576211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23576211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23576211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9396.656437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9396.656437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9396.656437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9396.656437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9396.656437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9396.656437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   653                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               478.937987                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   25710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 39.372129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.603803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   478.334184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.467123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.467713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34722                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34722                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20748                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20748                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        55470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           55470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        55470                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          55470                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2280                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2281                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          334                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          334                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2614                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2615                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    201067951                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    201067951                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31804861                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31804861                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    232872812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    232872812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    232872812                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    232872812                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        37002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        37003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        58085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        58085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015843                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015843                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.045020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.045020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88187.697807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88149.035949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95224.134731                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95224.134731                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89086.768171                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89052.700574                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89086.768171                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89052.700574                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          294                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              294                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1198                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1198                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     92005360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92005360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29637351                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29637351                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    121642711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    121642711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    121642711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    121642711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3323631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3323631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7323906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7323906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10647537                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10647537                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015274                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015274                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84099.963437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84099.963437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92041.462733                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92041.462733                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85905.869350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85905.869350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85905.869350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85905.869350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  812849                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           49241                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        49241                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7351                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35525                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21504                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       193450                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                229296                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              49241                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21504                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                70284                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          28012                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1823                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        163405                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           23                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          485                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35136                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4344                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             33                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       449799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.973393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.452409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          381247     84.76%     84.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3145      0.70%     85.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2756      0.61%     86.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3833      0.85%     86.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6211      1.38%     88.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4047      0.90%     89.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6305      1.40%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3274      0.73%     91.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           38981      8.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       449799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.060578                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.282089                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          189551                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       174004                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            64142                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1760                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20329                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        420492                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20329                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          194989                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         104795                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        56732                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60393                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12548                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        399065                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          183                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2889                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7569                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          136                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       437613                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       998982                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       998892                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284691                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          152911                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1351                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1361                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36821                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49628                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30551                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2316                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1290                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            369270                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2107                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           335003                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1572                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       109788                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       157032                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          955                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       449799                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.744784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.515213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       327877     72.89%     72.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        39372      8.75%     81.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        25865      5.75%     87.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        19848      4.41%     91.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14773      3.28%     95.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10790      2.40%     97.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8110      1.80%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2657      0.59%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          507      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       449799                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            859     49.54%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           446     25.72%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          429     24.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4108      1.23%      1.23% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       259368     77.42%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        44813     13.38%     92.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26704      7.97%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        335003                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.412134                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1734                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005176                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1124021                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       481271                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       319528                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        332615                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5466                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16454                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          124                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9423                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           26                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20329                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92106                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          902                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       371377                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6020                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49628                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30551                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1732                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           471                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           48                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1849                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6636                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8485                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       325027                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42570                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9976                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68196                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33731                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25626                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.399861                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                320368                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               319537                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           208394                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           339511                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.393107                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613806                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       118174                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7414                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       429618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.589328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.553860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       344446     80.17%     80.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30453      7.09%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16379      3.81%     91.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13221      3.08%     94.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8147      1.90%     96.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3513      0.82%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2348      0.55%     97.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2817      0.66%     98.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8294      1.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       429618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133851                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253186                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54298                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33171                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27935                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251143                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8294                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              792482                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             763296                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2245                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 363050                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                3762                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253186                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.072790                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.072790                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.164669                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.164669                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          644391                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         348594                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         139876                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003931                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003930681364                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975433459773                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  25204                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    48600                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3661108634                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4539072                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5463.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   137714690                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     265545037                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           606144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       466112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1433792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             3583040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       466112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         466112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1824320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          1824320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              9471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         7283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        22403                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                55985                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          28505                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               28505                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               30301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        23301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        71676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 179117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        23301                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             23301                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            91198                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 91198                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            91198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              30301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        23301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        71676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                270315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    28843                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.967019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       8576                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    28857                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.297190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.048650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.918370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.003041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.932398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.935439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           2712                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              2712                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           341                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              341                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            3053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               3053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           3053                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              3053                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        15843                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           16103                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        18159                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          34799                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         34002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            50902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        34002                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           50902                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11095000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet    644897499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    655992499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2929097920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1186688000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4115785920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2940192920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1831585499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4771778419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2940192920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1831585499                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4771778419                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        18555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         18815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        18500                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35140                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        37055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          53955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        37055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         53955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.855860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.981568                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.990296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.943416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.943416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42673.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40705.516569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40737.284916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176027.519231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 65349.854067                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118273.108997                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173975.912426                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 53866.993089                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93744.419060                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173975.912426                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 53866.993089                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93744.419060                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21596900                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1888                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11439.036017                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          26005                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               26005                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        15843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        18159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34799                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        34002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        34002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      7900800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    448002100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    455902900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2728550600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    961914900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3690465500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2736451400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1409917000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4146368400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2736451400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1409917000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4146368400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.855860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.981568                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990296                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30387.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28277.605252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28311.674843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163975.396635                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 52971.799108                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106050.906635                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161920.201183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41465.707900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81457.868060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161920.201183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41465.707900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81457.868060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        259458                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3986.879398                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         4579489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        263474                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         17.381180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          596.618450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.003981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    19.997915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.897862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2543.938661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    820.422103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.145659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.621079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.200298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.973359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       766000                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        22332                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3532228                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       129808                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                4450368                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          145707                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               145707                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        10327                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               10327                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        38332                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                38332                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       766000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        22332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3532228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       168140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 4488700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       766000                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        22332                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3532228                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       168140                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                4488700                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1376                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       152269                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        81796                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               236018                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        15644                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             15644                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        21139                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              21139                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       152269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       102935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                257157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1376                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          577                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       152269                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       102935                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               257157                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44184819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     18295386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3829450464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3146897175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     7038827844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    336857215                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    336857215                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1458718195                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1458718195                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44184819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     18295386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3829450464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4605615370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      8497546039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44184819                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     18295386                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3829450464                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4605615370                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     8497546039                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       767376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        22909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3684497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       211604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            4686386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       145707                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           145707                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        25971                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           25971                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        59471                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            59471                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       767376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        22909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3684497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       271075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             4745857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       767376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        22909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3684497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       271075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            4745857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.001793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.025187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.041327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.386552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.050362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.602364                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.602364                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.355451                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.355451                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.001793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.025187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.041327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.379729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.054186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.001793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.025187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.041327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.379729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.054186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 32111.060320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31707.774697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25149.245506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38472.506907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29823.267056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21532.678024                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21532.678024                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69006.017077                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69006.017077                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 32111.060320                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31707.774697                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25149.245506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44742.948171                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33044.194943                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 32111.060320                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31707.774697                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25149.245506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44742.948171                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33044.194943                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks               40845                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                    40845                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       152267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        81769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        15644                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        15644                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        21139                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         21139                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       152267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       102908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           257128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       152267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       102908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          257128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36785652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     15106393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2958496222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2688571980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5698960247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1076152386                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1076152386                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1340133511                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1340133511                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36785652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     15106393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2958496222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4028705491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7039093758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36785652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     15106393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2958496222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4028705491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7039093758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3382599916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3382599916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4929076367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4929076367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8311676283                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8311676283                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.001793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.025187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.041326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.386425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050356                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.602364                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602364                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.355451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.001793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.025187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.041326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.379629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.054179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.001793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.025187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.041326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.379629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26733.758721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26180.923744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19429.661200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32880.088787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24149.262241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68790.103938                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68790.103938                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63396.258622                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63396.258622                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26733.758721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26180.923744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19429.661200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39148.613237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27375.835218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26733.758721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26180.923744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19429.661200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39148.613237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27375.835218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                          6360                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     29809.081519                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          229993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         36764                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          6.255930                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         9947.546041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker               3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.046072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                     2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data                     1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   153.471567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    47.736219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   8709.708398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  10943.573222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.303575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.265799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.333971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.909701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1194                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          507                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       144983                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        53526                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 200210                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks           40845                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                40845                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 141                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         7503                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                 7503                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       144983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        61029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  207713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1194                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          507                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       144983                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        61029                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 207713                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          182                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7284                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        28243                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                35779                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        16597                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16597                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        12542                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              12542                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        40785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 48321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          182                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           70                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7284                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        40785                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                48321                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17072821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6554843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    681856935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1684202514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2389687113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    260739816                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    260739816                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1078404789                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1078404789                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17072821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6554843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    681856935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2762607303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      3468091902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17072821                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6554843                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    681856935                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2762607303                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     3468091902                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       152267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        81769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             235989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        40845                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total            40845                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16738                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           16738                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        20045                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            20045                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       152267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       101814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              256034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       152267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       101814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             256034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.132267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.121317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.345400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.151613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991576                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.991576                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.625692                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.625692                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.132267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.121317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.400583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.188729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.132267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.121317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.400583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.188729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93806.708791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93640.614286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93610.232702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59632.564317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66790.215294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15710.056998                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15710.056998                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85983.478632                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85983.478632                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93806.708791                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93640.614286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93610.232702                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67735.866201                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71771.939778                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93806.708791                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93640.614286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93610.232702                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67735.866201                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71771.939778                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks                2500                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                     2500                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        16597                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16597                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12542                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         12542                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        40785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            48321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        40785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           48321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14526165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5573328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    579232059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1286930044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1886261596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    893395436                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    893395436                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    898399939                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    898399939                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14526165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5573328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    579232059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2185329983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2784661535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14526165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5573328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    579232059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2185329983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2784661535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3014517541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3014517541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4380827000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4380827000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7395344541                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7395344541                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.132267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.121317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.345400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991576                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991576                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.625692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.132267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.121317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.400583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.188729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.132267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.121317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.400583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.188729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79814.093407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79618.971429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79521.150329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45566.336579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52719.796417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53828.730252                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53828.730252                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71631.313905                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71631.313905                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79814.093407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79618.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79521.150329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53581.708545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57628.392107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79814.093407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79618.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79521.150329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53581.708545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57628.392107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       297436                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       374738                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       4294                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       3618                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  2485                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  3613                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  268817                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      7912                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                      672174                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           396                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   118951                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   149866                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            215                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            181                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                7709                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               3684498                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                 9835864                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               3685010                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.669155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9828429                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        9828429                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9828429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         9828429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9828429                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        9828429                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3814961                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3814961                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3814961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       3814961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3814961                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      3814961                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  44335406013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44335406013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  44335406013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  44335406013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  44335406013                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  44335406013                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13643390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13643390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13643390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     13643390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13643390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     13643390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.279620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.279620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.279620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.279620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.279620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.279620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11621.457208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11621.457208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11621.457208                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11621.457208                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11621.457208                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11621.457208                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       107765                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 35921.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       130451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       130451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       130451                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130451                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3684510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3684510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3684510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3684510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3684510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3684510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29973067820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29973067820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29973067820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29973067820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29973067820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29973067820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.270058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.270058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.270058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8134.885730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8134.885730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8134.885730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8134.885730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8134.885730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8134.885730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        22982                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         34372                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        22998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.494565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972554065300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        34098                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        34098                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        34098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        34098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        34098                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        34098                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        23185                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        23185                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        23185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        23185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        23185                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        23185                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    374916912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    374916912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    374916912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    374916912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    374916912                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    374916912                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        57283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        57283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        57283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        57283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        57283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        57283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.404745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.404745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.404745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.404745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.404745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.404745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16170.666897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16170.666897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16170.666897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16170.666897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16170.666897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16170.666897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           62                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           62                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        23185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        23185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        23185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    304114777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    304114777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    304114777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    304114777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    304114777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    304114777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.404745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.404745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.404745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13116.876299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13116.876299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13116.876299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13116.876299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13116.876299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13116.876299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       767806                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         44374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       767822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.057792                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        43874                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        43874                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        43874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        43874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        43874                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        43874                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       768048                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       768048                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       768048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       768048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       768048                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       768048                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11444970225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11444970225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11444970225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  11444970225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11444970225                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  11444970225                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       811922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       811922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       811922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       811922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       811922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       811922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.945963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.945963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.945963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.945963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.945963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.945963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14901.373645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14901.373645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14901.373645                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14901.373645                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14901.373645                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14901.373645                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           66                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           66                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       768048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       768048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       768048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       768048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       768048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       768048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9100460093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9100460093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9100460093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9100460093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9100460093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9100460093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.945963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.945963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.945963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.945963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.945963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.945963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11848.816862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11848.816862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11848.816862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11848.816862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11848.816862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11848.816862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                262402                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               973.988976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                29439248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                263388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                111.771409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          4971730093300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   973.988976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.951161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.951161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     18487741                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       18487741                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     10902639                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      10902639                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     29390380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        29390380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     29390380                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       29390380                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       349081                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       349081                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        86087                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        86087                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       435168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        435168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       435168                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       435168                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10807859442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10807859442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3611130891                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3611130891                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14418990333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14418990333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14418990333                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14418990333                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18836822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18836822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10988726                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10988726                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     29825548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29825548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     29825548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29825548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007834                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007834                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30960.892864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30960.892864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41947.458861                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41947.458861                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33134.307516                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33134.307516                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33134.307516                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33134.307516                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       145579                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           145579                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       137237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       137237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          888                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          888                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       138125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       138125                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138125                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       211844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       211844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        85199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        85199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       297043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       297043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       297043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       297043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5206754923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5206754923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3279735938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3279735938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8486490861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8486490861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8486490861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8486490861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3529477874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3529477874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5129520408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5129520408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8658998282                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8658998282                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007753                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007753                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24578.250614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24578.250614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38495.005082                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38495.005082                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28569.906919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28569.906919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28569.906919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28569.906919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               218145293                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        17305517                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17305517                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2370473                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14889099                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits         8950073                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    110643865                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              82460483                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           17305517                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      8950073                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             27626872                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        7803425                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            224600                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      47726617                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       162562                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        52208                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         13643392                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1648194                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes           9990                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    191727668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.841293                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.287000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       164899961     86.01%     86.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         2577018      1.34%     87.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1256809      0.66%     88.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2000101      1.04%     89.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         1672925      0.87%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1914447      1.00%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1933178      1.01%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1440535      0.75%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        14032694      7.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    191727668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.079330                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.378007                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       109152626                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     51133200                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         25694923                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       456012                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       5290907                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     157807290                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          167                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       5290907                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       110684859                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        6880610                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     41746043                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         24635052                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      2490197                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     152874216                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        16367                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        131164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      1190449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5656                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    168260617                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    381559785                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    378819698                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      2740087                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    129794167                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        38466441                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1020128                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1041840                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          9711446                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22460880                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     13566391                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1617945                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       961448                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         145677818                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1298880                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        138020831                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       274653                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     27046956                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38524562                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       337473                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    191727668                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.719880                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.470878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    139324242     72.67%     72.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17976635      9.38%     82.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12109865      6.32%     88.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7843407      4.09%     92.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6022336      3.14%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4269937      2.23%     97.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2683349      1.40%     99.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1228054      0.64%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       269843      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    191727668                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         289027     35.33%     35.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     35.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     35.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        27470      3.36%     38.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     38.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     38.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     38.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     38.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     38.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     38.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     38.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     38.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     38.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     38.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     38.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     38.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     38.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     38.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        288065     35.22%     73.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       213404     26.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1214780      0.88%      0.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    102078354     73.96%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       729312      0.53%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21310735     15.44%     90.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     12687650      9.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     138020831                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.632701                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             817966                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    467279429                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    172657740                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133095281                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1841948                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1388237                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       834585                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     136695503                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         928514                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1796751                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4552402                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        29437                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        23279                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2540877                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        45551                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       5290907                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        5661403                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59109                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146976698                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1330410                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22460880                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     13566391                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1173782                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         20226                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         4709                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        23279                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       935149                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1715587                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2650736                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135532050                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20700314                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2488781                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            33090952                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        13710518                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          12390638                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.621293                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             134166734                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            133929866                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         86256717                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        133810154                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.613948                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644620                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     30067929                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       961407                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2374422                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    186538923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.625724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.550124                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    145865254     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14686980      7.87%     86.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7436714      3.99%     90.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7519543      4.03%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3805889      2.04%     96.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1599060      0.86%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1277718      0.68%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1064531      0.57%     98.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3283234      1.76%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    186538923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     60601560                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     116721790                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              28933988                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             17908475                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             100750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          12206993                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            693777                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        115583753                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      3283234                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           329771927                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          298885048                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                1523325                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               26417625                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59852334486                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           60601560                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            116721790                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     60601560                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.599665                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.599665                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.277804                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.277804                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       267049220                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      145258381                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          1458072                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          784845                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       62419306                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        980073                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          588178                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       257696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        65456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       811211376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       138359949                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          950488439                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    811211376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     811211376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet       510876                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     92052326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        95524610                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            19126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        32212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         8182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        101401422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         21722854                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           123184519                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           18083                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        13518409                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           13582764                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              29403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           40552599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            6916638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              47515084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      40552599                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         40552599                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             25539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           4601712                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              4775292                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             54942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        12882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          40552599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          11518350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             52290376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      374738                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      297436                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      3618                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      4294                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 2714                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 4289                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 268817                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     7912                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                     672174                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          396                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  149866                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  118951                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           181                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           215                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               6807                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60072389900                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  76028349                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   146892500                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           145664605                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               484794                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      9958323                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  145664605                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      484794                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         372666181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        164802063                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             808286                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            395129                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    35295473                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  21743142                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 13552331                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59900638964.406349                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             171750935.593653                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.002859                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.997141                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
