
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   291670038                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15001540942167                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 101489                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   180623                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               55870114                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490116                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      529820                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        942939                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       124096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        66816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              284224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       124096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         124288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              877704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6802207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    425467082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    229080781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              974471022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         658278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    425467082                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         426125360                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        305441041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             877704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6802207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    425467082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    229080781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1279912063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.519090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             15001367569000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.519090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.594943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.594943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       933000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       933000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250136824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    250136824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    251069824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    251069824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    251069824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    251069824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42409.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42409.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177653.994318                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177653.994318                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175573.303497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175573.303497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175573.303497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175573.303497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1636100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 165                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9915.757576                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       658500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       658500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233173784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233173784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233832284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233832284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233832284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233832284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29931.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29931.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165606.380682                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165606.380682                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163519.079720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163519.079720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163519.079720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163519.079720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           112                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1837.044762                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              27                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           112                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.241071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           67.781823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.391939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.725540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.243590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1228.416486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    502.485436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.016548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.299906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.122677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.448497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2360                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2164                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          558                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5182                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             531                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  531                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2360                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2164                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          649                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5273                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          817                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2825                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3060                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3258402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202002884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85823067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      291710841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     24049631                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24049631                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3258402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202002884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109872698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       315760472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3258402                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626488                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202002884                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109872698                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      315760472                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          531                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              531                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          324                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              326                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.594182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.352816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.719136                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.720859                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.618011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.367215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.618011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.367215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105109.741935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104414.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103062.695918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105046.593635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103260.474690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103217.300429                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102338.855319                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105109.741935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104414.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103062.695918                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104640.664762                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103189.696732                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105109.741935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104414.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103062.695918                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104640.664762                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103189.696732                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   5                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        5                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3089302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    191180933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81348701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    276212424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        94959                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        94959                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22757431                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22757431                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3089302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    191180933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104106132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    298969855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3089302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    191180933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104106132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    298969855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3819973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3819973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7502314                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7502314                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11322287                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11322287                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.594182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.719136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.714724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.618011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.365655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.058252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.618011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99654.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98914.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97541.292347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99570.013464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98156.511727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        94959                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94959                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97671.377682                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97671.377682                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99654.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98914.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97541.292347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99148.697143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98119.414178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99654.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98914.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97541.292347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99148.697143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98119.414178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1807.817947                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.881729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.830545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.243881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1247.211266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    519.650621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.015858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     26                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               5                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    5                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      26                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     26                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1939                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          812                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2799                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1939                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1045                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3034                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2982502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184279719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78433168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      266268477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21974531                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     21974531                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2982502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184279719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100407699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       288243008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2982502                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573088                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184279719                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100407699                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      288243008                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            5                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                5                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.990796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.991503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.991503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96209.741935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95514.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95038.534812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96592.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95129.859593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94311.291845                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93508.642553                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96209.741935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95514.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95038.534812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96083.922488                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95004.287409                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96209.741935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95514.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95038.534812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96083.922488                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95004.287409                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2553002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157016532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67072421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227130955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     18658243                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18658243                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2553002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157016532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85730664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    245789198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2553002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157016532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85730664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    245789198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.987255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82354.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        81500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80978.097989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82601.503695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81467.343974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80078.296137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80078.296137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82354.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        81500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80978.097989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82038.912919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81360.211188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82354.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        81500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80978.097989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82038.912919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81360.211188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 71                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                24                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         5                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3614                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               436.189989                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   19785                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.474543                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          15001534956000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.824229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   435.365760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.850324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.851934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22657                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          22671                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           22671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22657                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          22671                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4823                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4826                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4823                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4826                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    295163350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    295163350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    295163350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    295163350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    295163350                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    295163350                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        27497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        27497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.175510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.175510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.175510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61199.118806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61161.075425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61199.118806                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61161.075425                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61199.118806                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61161.075425                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          699                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          699                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228310928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228310928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228310928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228310928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228310928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228310928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.150073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55361.524733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55361.524733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55361.524733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55361.524733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55361.524733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55361.524733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           94                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.433449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           94                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.468085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.257794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.175655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.016112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.635978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.652091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          261                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          264                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          261                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          264                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          106                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          106                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1980948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1980948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1980948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1980948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1980948                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1980948                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.282967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.286486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.282967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.286486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.282967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.286486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19232.504854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18688.188679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19232.504854                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18688.188679                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19232.504854                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18688.188679                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1662400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1662400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1662400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1662400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1662400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1662400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.282967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.282967                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.282967                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16139.805825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16139.805825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16139.805825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16139.805825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16139.805825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16139.805825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2381                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.866361                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2381                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.078538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.045882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.820479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.002868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.863780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.866648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          294                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          294                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          294                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          294                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2392                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2398                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2392                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2398                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32088058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32088058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32088058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     32088058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32088058                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     32088058                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.890544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.890788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.890544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.890788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.890544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.890788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13414.739967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13381.175146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13414.739967                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13381.175146                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13414.739967                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13381.175146                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24746293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24746293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24746293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24746293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24746293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24746293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.890544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.890544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.890544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10345.440217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10345.440217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10345.440217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10345.440217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10345.440217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10345.440217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1210                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               362.039722                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   31358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 25.915702                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.304360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   360.735362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.002548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.704561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.707109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        29423                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          29424                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15619                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15622                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        45042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           45046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        45042                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          45046                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2557                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2559                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          339                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2894                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2898                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    194658502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194658502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27701640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27701640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    222360142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    222360142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    222360142                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    222360142                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        31980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        31983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15956                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15961                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        47944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        47944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.080011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021239                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76127.689480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76068.191481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82200.712166                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81715.752212                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76834.879751                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76728.827467                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76834.879751                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76728.827467                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          531                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              531                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1192                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1192                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     95203097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95203097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25631118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25631118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120834215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120834215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120834215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120834215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3987125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3987125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7787662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7787662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11774787                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11774787                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020431                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020425                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69188.297238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69188.297238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78623.061350                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78623.061350                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70995.425969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70995.425969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70995.425969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70995.425969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  778267                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           41321                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        41321                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6341                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        31512                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           16648                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       179671                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                195722                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              41321                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        16648                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                58013                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          25148                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1910                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        148251                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           26                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          462                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            27480                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3927                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             36                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       406885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.895961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.369570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          350049     86.03%     86.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2732      0.67%     86.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2052      0.50%     87.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2899      0.71%     87.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4623      1.14%     89.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4168      1.02%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5488      1.35%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2232      0.55%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           32642      8.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       406885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.053094                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.251484                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          177631                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       155928                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            51584                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         3185                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18552                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        350916                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18552                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          182141                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          85306                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        58029                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            50277                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12575                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        334173                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          3402                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7539                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          146                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       369749                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       832309                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       832219                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       232169                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          137580                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          988                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          987                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            32436                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        43082                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24362                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2250                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1101                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            311126                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1698                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           277731                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1557                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       100607                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       148635                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          856                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       406885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.682579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.444136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       303400     74.57%     74.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        34480      8.47%     83.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        21802      5.36%     88.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17601      4.33%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12228      3.01%     95.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9092      2.23%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5904      1.45%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1976      0.49%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          402      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       406885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            653     46.88%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           389     27.93%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          351     25.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3024      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       215470     77.58%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        38282     13.78%     92.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        20945      7.54%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        277731                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.356858                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1393                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005016                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       966150                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       413527                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       265071                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        276086                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4382                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15628                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          135                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          150                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8361                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           42                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18552                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          73463                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          944                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       312824                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4884                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        43082                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24362                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1275                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           531                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          150                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1255                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6211                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7466                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       270104                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        36447                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7627                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               56433                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           27941                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             19986                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.347058                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                265843                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               265080                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           175026                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           277876                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.340603                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629871                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       108429                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          842                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6405                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       388404                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.481368                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       319912     82.37%     82.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24745      6.37%     88.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12637      3.25%     91.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10554      2.72%     94.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6294      1.62%     96.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3466      0.89%     97.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1837      0.47%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2483      0.64%     98.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6476      1.67%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       388404                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       111493                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        204398                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 43455                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                27454                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             22785                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           202547                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6476                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              694616                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             644318                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2609                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 371382                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97586                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             111493                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               204398                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       111493                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.980411                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.980411                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.143258                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.143258                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          524539                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         291374                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         117080                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           680                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4443864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          713299                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5175035                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15235929033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2445568303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17742772057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15235929033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678094498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19975298251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         875895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418313                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      738514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              736706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  305                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     736706                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         305                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1949258                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           844198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                508                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      193455                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107370                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    86085                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   875895                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.095244                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 95244141852                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15097077106038                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  48315                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    88226                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               53131728                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4594220                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1792.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    86609303                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     158155006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1966080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            81024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       105472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        79552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      5808320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     18679232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            26719680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      5808320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        5808320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10608000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         10608000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        30720                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1648                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        90755                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       291863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               417495                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         165750                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              165750                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     20642529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              850698                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1107386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       835243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     60983488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    196119484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              280538829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     60983488                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          60983488                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        111376929                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             111376929                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        111376929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     20642529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             850698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1107386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       835243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     60983488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    196119484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             391915757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    48708                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.806791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       1356                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    48723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.027831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     4.531600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        10.275191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.283225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.642199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.925424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            988                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               988                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           247                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              247                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            1235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               1235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           1235                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              1235                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        16230                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           16715                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         1526                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          32566                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         17756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            49281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        17756                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           49281                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     20987000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1782984686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1803971686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5439589120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    127963000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5567552120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5460576120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1910947686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   7371523806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5460576120                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1910947686                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   7371523806                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        17218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         17703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         1773                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32813                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        18991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          50516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        18991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         50516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.942618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.944190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.860688                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.992472                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.975552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.975552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43272.164948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 109857.343561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107925.317739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175244.494845                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 83855.176933                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170962.111405                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173214.151308                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 107622.645078                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149581.457479                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173214.151308                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 107622.645078                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149581.457479                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     52367799                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                5296                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9888.179569                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          32197                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               32197                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        16230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         1526                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        32566                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        17756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        17756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     14898600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1587613911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1602512511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5065520704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    109310700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5174831404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5080419304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1696924611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6777343915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5080419304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1696924611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6777343915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.942618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.860688                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992472                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30718.762887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97819.711091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95872.719773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163193.321649                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 71632.175623                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158902.886569                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161155.251515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 95569.081494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137524.480327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161155.251515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 95569.081494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137524.480327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          485                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1986560                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          485                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1176100                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4038.366878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2511201                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1180131                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.127900                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  15022938505000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          946.431137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.131583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.245014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.031376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    78.807174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    34.187089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1581.422836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1397.110668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.231062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.008346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.386090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.341091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.985929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       366503                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        46880                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       600388                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       777230                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                1791001                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          889518                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               889518                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34237                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               34237                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        68508                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                68508                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       366503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        46880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       600388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       845738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 1859509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       366503                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        46880                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       600388                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       845738                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                1859509                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17688                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11611                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       512053                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       455103                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               996455                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3985                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3985                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       173442                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             173442                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       512053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       628545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1169897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17688                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11611                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       512053                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       628545                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1169897                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    535731054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    360060177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18729442423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25916948884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    45542182538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    204811777                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    204811777                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13181874814                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13181874814                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    535731054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    360060177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18729442423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39098823698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     58724057352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    535731054                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    360060177                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18729442423                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39098823698                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    58724057352                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       384191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1112441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1232333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            2787456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       889518                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           889518                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        38222                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           38222                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       241950                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           241950                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       384191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1112441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1474283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             3029406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       384191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1112441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1474283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            3029406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.198509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.460297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.369302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.357478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.104259                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.104259                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.716851                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.716851                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.198509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.460297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.426339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.386180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.198509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.460297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.426339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.386180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30287.825305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31010.264146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36577.155925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56947.435820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45704.203941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51395.678043                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51395.678043                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76001.630597                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76001.630597                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30287.825305                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31010.264146                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36577.155925                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62205.289515                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50195.920967                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30287.825305                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31010.264146                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36577.155925                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62205.289515                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50195.920967                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              311460                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   311460                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                56                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 56                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           36                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                56                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       512047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       455103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          996399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3985                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3985                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       173442                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        173442                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       512047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       628545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1169841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       512047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       628545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1169841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    439077410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    295843257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15838042271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23401607176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39974570114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    295895181                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    295895181                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12213939657                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12213939657                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    439077410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    295843257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15838042271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35615546833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  52188509771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    439077410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    295843257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15838042271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35615546833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  52188509771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    187602662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    187602662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    301365759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    301365759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    488968421                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    488968421                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.197894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.460291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.369302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.104259                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104259                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.716851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.716851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.197894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.460291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.426339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.386162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.197894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.460291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.426339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.386162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24843.126061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25558.812700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30930.836956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51420.463447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40119.038773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74252.241154                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74252.241154                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70420.888003                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70420.888003                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24843.126061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25558.812700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30930.836956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56663.479676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44611.626512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24843.126061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25558.812700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30930.836956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56663.479676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44611.626512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        358509                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30697.957033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          921707                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        390587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.359799                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  15065897270834                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8303.648130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.510697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.566862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.071657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.279408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   145.716163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    96.917882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   9260.048382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  12888.197852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.253407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.282594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.393317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.936827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16026                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10332                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       421289                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       262731                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 710378                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          311460                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               311460                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          859                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 859                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        58260                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                58260                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       421289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       320991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  768638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16026                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10332                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       421289                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       320991                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 768638                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1648                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1243                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        90758                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       192372                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               286021                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4555                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4555                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       113753                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             113753                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        90758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       306125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                399774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1648                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1243                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        90758                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       306125                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               399774                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    154529812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    116472266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8488636148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17935675848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    26695314074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106394182                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    106394182                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10753071948                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10753071948                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    154529812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    116472266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8488636148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28688747796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     37448386022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    154529812                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    116472266                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8488636148                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28688747796                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    37448386022                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       512047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       455103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             996399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       311460                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           311460                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         5414                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5414                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       172013                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           172013                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       512047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       627116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1168412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       512047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       627116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1168412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.093244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.422700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.287055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.841337                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.841337                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.661305                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.661305                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.093244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.488147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.342152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.093244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.488147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.342152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93768.089806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93702.547064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93530.445228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93234.336847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93333.405848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23357.668935                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23357.668935                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94530.007543                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94530.007543                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93768.089806                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93702.547064                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93530.445228                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93715.795169                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93673.890803                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93768.089806                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93702.547064                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93530.445228                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93715.795169                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93673.890803                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              133553                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   133553                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        90758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       192372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          286021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4555                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4555                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       113753                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        113753                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        90758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       306125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           399774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        90758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       306125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          399774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    131409174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     99019411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7209695746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15228753765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22668878096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    340549625                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    340549625                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9138668903                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9138668903                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    131409174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     99019411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7209695746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24367422668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31807546999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    131409174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     99019411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7209695746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24367422668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31807546999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    165137663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    165137663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    266826366                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    266826366                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    431964029                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    431964029                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.093244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.422700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.287055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.841337                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841337                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.661305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.093244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.488147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.342152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.093244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.488147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79738.576456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79661.633950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79438.680293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79163.047455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79255.992029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74763.913282                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74763.913282                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80337.827600                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80337.827600                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79738.576456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79661.633950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79438.680293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79599.584052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79563.821056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79738.576456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79661.633950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79438.680293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79599.584052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79563.821056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1031285                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        30298                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        762                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        439                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                    660                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   750                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   439                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                89167311                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      1201                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1061583                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         12610                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 86622440                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  2544870                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           8000                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           4609                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 289                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1112441                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999032                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                11053278                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1112953                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  9.931487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11047947                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11047947                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11047947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        11047947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11047947                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       11047947                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1245469                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1245469                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1245469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1245469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1245469                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1245469                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33608157920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33608157920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33608157920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  33608157920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33608157920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  33608157920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12293416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12293416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12293416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     12293416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12293416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     12293416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.101312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.101312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.101312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26984.339169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26984.339169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26984.339169                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26984.339169                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26984.339169                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26984.339169                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4343809                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            130                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 33413.915385                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       133026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       133026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       133026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       133026                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133026                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1112443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1112443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1112443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1112443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1112443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1112443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  25174663667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25174663667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  25174663667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25174663667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  25174663667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25174663667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22630.070635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22630.070635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22630.070635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22630.070635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22630.070635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22630.070635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        60221                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.686064                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        312427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        60236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        5.186716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 15002270244300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.686064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.980379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.980379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       311882                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       311882                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       311882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       311882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       311882                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       311882                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63354                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        63354                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        63354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63354                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        63354                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1063570895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1063570895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1063570895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1063570895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1063570895                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1063570895                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       375236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       375236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       375236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       375236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       375236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       375236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.168838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.168838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.168838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16787.746551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16787.746551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16787.746551                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16787.746551                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16787.746551                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16787.746551                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         7374                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         7374                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    856746216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    856746216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    856746216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    856746216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    856746216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    856746216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13523.159011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13523.159011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13523.159011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13523.159011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13523.159011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13523.159011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       396599                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.882017                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       1701204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       396615                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.289308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.882017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.992626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.992626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1700421                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1700421                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1700421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1700421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1700421                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1700421                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       399705                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       399705                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       399705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       399705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       399705                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       399705                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5860295598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5860295598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5860295598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5860295598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5860295598                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5860295598                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2100126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2100126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2100126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2100126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2100126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2100126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.190324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.190324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.190324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14661.551890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14661.551890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14661.551890                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14661.551890                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14661.551890                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14661.551890                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       132296                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       132296                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       399705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       399705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       399705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       399705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       399705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       399705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4572424084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4572424084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4572424084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4572424084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4572424084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4572424084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11439.496839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11439.496839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11439.496839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11439.496839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11439.496839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11439.496839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1475440                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.678605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                22092216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1475952                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 14.968113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.678605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14181149                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       14181149                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7862490                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7862490                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     22043639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        22043639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     22043639                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       22043639                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2147720                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2147720                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       282424                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       282424                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2430144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2430144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2430144                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2430144                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  93119185765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  93119185765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15879628313                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15879628313                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 108998814078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 108998814078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 108998814078                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 108998814078                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16328869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16328869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8144914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8144914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24473783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24473783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24473783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24473783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.131529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.131529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034675                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034675                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.099296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.099296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43357.228021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43357.228021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56226.200015                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56226.200015                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44852.821099                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44852.821099                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44852.821099                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44852.821099                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       749848                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           749848                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       912851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       912851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       915891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       915891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       915891                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       915891                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1234869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1234869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       279384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       279384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1514253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1514253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1514253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1514253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36932079667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36932079667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14748854998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14748854998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  51680934665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51680934665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  51680934665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51680934665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    196393371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    196393371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    313820066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    313820066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    510213437                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    510213437                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034302                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034302                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29907.690344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29907.690344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52790.621503                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52790.621503                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34129.656448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34129.656448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34129.656448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34129.656448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               230536690                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        17414964                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17414964                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1866415                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13339552                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits         9480761                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     59372854                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              80707342                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           17414964                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      9480761                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             25347672                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        7686536                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           1892384                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      92279828                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        19304                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       280333                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          966                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         12293513                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1167510                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          27203                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    184869059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.797734                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.217801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       160355763     86.74%     86.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         1429737      0.77%     87.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1461789      0.79%     88.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2230468      1.21%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2116105      1.14%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1701864      0.92%     91.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1717285      0.93%     92.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1694230      0.92%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        12161818      6.58%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    184869059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.075541                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.350085                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        61881419                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     93461157                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         22451876                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1398889                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       5675718                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     143561584                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          354                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       5675718                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        64056632                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       71421712                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     12750770                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         21513065                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9451162                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     139258813                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       129363                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       2676472                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      5720821                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       227335                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    157243629                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    362527788                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    360888171                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1639617                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    113868534                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        43375076                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       385922                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       386220                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         20550544                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22648972                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     10761933                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3111825                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1902340                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         133268959                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       469631                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        121801093                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       367842                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     31983588                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     50218534                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       157210                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    184869059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.658851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.312685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    132575843     71.71%     71.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20228433     10.94%     82.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13823505      7.48%     90.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7485200      4.05%     94.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5403524      2.92%     97.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2978554      1.61%     98.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1745501      0.94%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       537814      0.29%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        90685      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    184869059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         291643     46.46%     46.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         6323      1.01%     47.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        222208     35.40%     82.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       107577     17.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       845216      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89997886     73.89%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       422424      0.35%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20665332     16.97%     91.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      9870235      8.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     121801093                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.528337                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             627751                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005154                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    428982150                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    164916281                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117941955                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1089591                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       876619                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       504873                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     121040961                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         542667                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3811422                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5664750                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        32474                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        75161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2616003                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        21234                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       5675718                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       51717683                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       754952                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    133738590                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1203719                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22648972                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     10761933                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       444706                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        344007                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        27862                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        75161                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       903721                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1150213                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2053934                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119777013                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20148739                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2024078                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            29839180                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        13249279                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           9690441                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.519557                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             118681302                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            118446828                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         80553865                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        130621138                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.513787                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.616699                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     34042508                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       312421                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1901624                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    179237231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.556191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.598410                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    147271510     82.17%     82.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12808790      7.15%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4499016      2.51%     91.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5085795      2.84%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2097169      1.17%     95.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1168859      0.65%     96.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       637831      0.36%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       780094      0.44%     97.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4888167      2.73%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    179237231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     55280029                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      99690158                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              25130135                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             16984213                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars               9517                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          11722248                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            399772                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         99163200                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      4888167                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           307953130                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          273168090                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 883785                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               45667631                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            55481663                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           55280029                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps             99690158                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     55280029                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.170343                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.170343                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.239788                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.239788                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       243478818                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      131942220                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           835525                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          436467                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       57940357                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        360435                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        15216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           52394                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      2125552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       385392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       320204856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        52400211                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          375183621                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    320204856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     320204856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      7852032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1053381                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     36460467                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        45365880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             2225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       265694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        48174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         40025607                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          8262224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            48605826                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide       122688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           17681                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         5008863                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            5149232                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       159758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             550102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     22316879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      4046359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         3361937540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          550167286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3939177924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    3361937540                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       3361937540                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide     82441102                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet          11059798                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         382810599                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            476311499                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     82600860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet          11609900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     22316879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      4046359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        3361937540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         932977885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           4415489424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1917                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      7852032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1917                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       30298                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1031285                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       439                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       762                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   90                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  762                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               89167311                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     1201                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1061583                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        12610                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 2544870                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                86622440                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          4609                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          8000                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                433                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                      286018984                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  30261807                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    56574929                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            56136269                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               380895                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4680120                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   56136269                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      380895                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         145389514                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         63605690                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             636969                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            317719                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    13264457                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   8263024                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  5001433                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             219675936.706875                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             66343047.293125                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.231953                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.768047                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
