
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  82399                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   147997                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               43468096                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490180                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     6.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549673                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        49152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              247232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        48192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            48192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          768                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1084                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            753                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 753                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    169504812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5959154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    434135371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    239248979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              852600375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    434135371                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         434576790                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        166194171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             166194171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        166194171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    169504812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5959154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    434135371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    239248979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1018794546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      765                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.259048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      765                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971064352000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.259048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.516191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.516191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              13                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          768                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            768                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             781                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       557000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       557000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    136007904                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    136007904                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    136564904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    136564904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    136564904                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    136564904                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          768                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          768                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42846.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42846.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177093.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177093.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174859.032010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174859.032010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174859.032010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174859.032010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       918800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  82                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11204.878049                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            753                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 753                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       398200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       398200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126756292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126756292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127154492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    127154492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127154492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    127154492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30630.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30630.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165047.255208                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165047.255208                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162809.848912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162809.848912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162809.848912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162809.848912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           12                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        49152                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           12                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           235                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1701.842225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              90                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.382979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          115.928909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.606602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.758156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    19.849320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.419682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1100.492330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    450.787274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.028303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.268675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.110055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.415489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2366                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1628                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          987                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5076                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             977                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  977                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          182                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  182                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         1169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2366                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1628                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         1169                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5258                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          822                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2871                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          282                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                282                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1104                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3153                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2835195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       836649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205675131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85538267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      294885242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28900191                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28900191                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2835195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       836649                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205675131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    114438458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       323785433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2835195                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       836649                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205675131                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    114438458                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      323785433                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          977                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              977                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          464                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              464                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.086538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.454395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.361268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.607759                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.607759                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.086538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.485702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.374866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.086538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.485702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.374866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105007.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102632.300898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104061.152068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102711.683037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102482.946809                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102482.946809                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105007.222222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102632.300898                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103658.023551                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102691.225182                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105007.222222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102632.300898                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103658.023551                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102691.225182                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  19                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       19                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          282                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           282                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2687895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       786995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194617635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81035933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279128458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27331974                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27331974                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2687895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       786995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194617635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108367907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    306460432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2687895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       786995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194617635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108367907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    306460432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3182896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3182896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7059266                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7059266                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10242162                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10242162                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.086538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.454395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.607759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.607759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.086538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.485702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.373796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.086538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.485702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.373796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99551.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87443.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97114.588323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98583.860097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97529.160727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96921.893617                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96921.893617                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99551.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87443.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97114.588323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98159.336051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97474.692112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99551.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87443.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97114.588323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98159.336051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97474.692112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1651.231601                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            1.762156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.678327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.962163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1134.867280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    477.961752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.050392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     55                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              19                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   19                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      56                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           37                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     56                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          805                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2816                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1085                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3096                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2593495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       744995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187358213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77965624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      268662327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26283434                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26283434                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2593495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       744995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187358213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104249058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       294945761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2593495                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       744995                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187358213                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104249058                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      294945761                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           19                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               19                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          281                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              281                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.979319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.980843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996441                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.996441                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.983681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.982234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.983681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.982234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96055.370370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93124.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95250.743772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96851.706832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95405.655895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93869.407143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93869.407143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96055.370370                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93124.375000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95250.743772                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96082.081106                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95266.718669                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96055.370370                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93124.375000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95250.743772                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96082.081106                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95266.718669                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2219144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       633276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159722209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66736490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229311119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22284903                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22284903                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2219144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       633276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159722209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89021393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251596022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2219144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       633276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159722209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89021393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251596022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.979319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.977708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.983681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.979378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.983681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.979378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82190.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79159.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81200.919675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82902.472050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81692.596722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79588.939286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79588.939286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82190.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79159.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81200.919675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82047.366820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81501.788792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82190.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79159.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81200.919675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82047.366820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81501.788792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3122                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               436.842037                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   27800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3122                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  8.904548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971067694300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.829360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   436.012677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.851587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.853207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31240                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31259                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31240                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31259                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4279                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4281                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4279                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4281                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    292771093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    292771093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    292771093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    292771093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    292771093                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    292771093                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68420.447067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68388.482364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68420.447067                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68388.482364                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68420.447067                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68388.482364                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          647                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          647                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228599309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228599309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228599309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228599309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228599309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228599309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62940.338381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62940.338381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62940.338381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62940.338381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62940.338381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62940.338381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           96                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.587130                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           96                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.135417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.260049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.327080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.016253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.582943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.599196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          185                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          185                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          185                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          185                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          107                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          107                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2317732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2317732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2317732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2317732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2317732                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2317732                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.359862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.366438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.359862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.366438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.359862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.366438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22285.884615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21661.046729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22285.884615                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21661.046729                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22285.884615                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21661.046729                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1992940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1992940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1992940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1992940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1992940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1992940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.359862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.359862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.359862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19162.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19162.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19162.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19162.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19162.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19162.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2381                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.340028                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2381                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.107518                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.064539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.275490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.066534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.767218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.833752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          339                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          339                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          339                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          339                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2394                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2397                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2394                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2397                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31080404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31080404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31080404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31080404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31080404                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31080404                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.876096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.876096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.876096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12982.624896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12966.376304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12982.624896                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12966.376304                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12982.624896                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12966.376304                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23703112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23703112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23703112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23703112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23703112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23703112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9901.049290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9901.049290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9901.049290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9901.049290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9901.049290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9901.049290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  2018                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               217.372639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   48882                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  2018                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.222993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          4971165557905                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.105772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   217.266867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.848699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.849112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        33665                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          33665                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20607                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20607                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        54272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           54272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        54272                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          54272                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3364                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3365                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          476                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          476                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3840                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3841                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    218383421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    218383421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33848387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33848387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    252231808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    252231808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    252231808                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    252231808                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        37029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        37030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        58113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        58113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.090872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.066079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.066095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.066079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.066095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64917.782699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64898.490639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71110.056723                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71110.056723                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65685.366667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65668.265556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65685.366667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65668.265556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          977                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              977                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1566                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1566                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100185943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100185943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31253255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31253255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    131439198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131439198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    131439198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131439198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3324284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3324284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7325645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7325645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10649929                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10649929                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022056                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022056                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55381.947485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55381.947485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67211.301075                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67211.301075                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57800.878628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57800.878628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57800.878628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57800.878628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  831637                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           49494                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        49494                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7419                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        36567                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21940                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       199162                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                230462                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              49494                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21940                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                70771                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          28574                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1784                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        172365                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           11                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          345                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35519                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4400                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             37                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       465280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.945151                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.419931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          396273     85.17%     85.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3073      0.66%     85.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2857      0.61%     86.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            4032      0.87%     87.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6276      1.35%     88.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4192      0.90%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6228      1.34%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3347      0.72%     91.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           39002      8.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       465280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.059514                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.277119                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          194652                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       183354                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            64573                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1846                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20842                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        423084                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20842                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          200138                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         107816                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        62573                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60836                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13062                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        401942                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          3046                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7894                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          138                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       441359                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1005924                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1005834                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284718                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          156630                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1390                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1391                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            37911                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        50047                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30568                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2196                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1236                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            372294                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2175                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           336909                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1800                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       112080                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       160090                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1023                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       465280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.724099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.490246                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       341321     73.36%     73.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        40673      8.74%     82.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        26546      5.71%     87.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        20020      4.30%     92.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14955      3.21%     95.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10824      2.33%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         7941      1.71%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2502      0.54%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          498      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       465280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            867     50.55%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           439     25.60%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          409     23.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4144      1.23%      1.23% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       260855     77.43%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        45171     13.41%     92.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26729      7.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        336909                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.405115                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1715                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005090                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1143482                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       486666                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       321527                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        334466                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5740                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16872                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          128                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          168                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9439                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           29                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20842                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          93757                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1011                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       374469                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5969                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        50047                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30568                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1784                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           562                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           41                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          168                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1849                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6652                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8501                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       326906                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42873                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10003                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68517                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33976                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25644                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.393087                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                322259                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               321536                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           209530                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           341436                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.386630                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613673                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       121305                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7449                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       444586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.569541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.540424                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       359975     80.97%     80.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30391      6.84%     87.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16094      3.62%     91.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        12956      2.91%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7977      1.79%     96.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3422      0.77%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2310      0.52%     97.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2803      0.63%     98.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8658      1.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       444586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133864                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253210                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54300                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33172                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27938                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251166                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8658                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              810241                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             770108                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2504                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 366357                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                2034                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253210                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.212552                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.212552                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.160964                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.160964                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          647355                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         350617                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         140596                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003928                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003928224490                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975431002899                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  34513                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    65806                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2923145495                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4579036                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6843.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   236184697                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     450331078                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          1198912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       473728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1597056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             4349696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       473728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         473728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2485952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          2485952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             18733                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          205                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         7402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        24954                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                67964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          38843                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               38843                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               59934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        23682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        79837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 217442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        23682                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             23682                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           124273                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                124273                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           124273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              59934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        23682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        79837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                341715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    45086                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.947718                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      18217                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    45101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.403916                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.066379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.881339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.930084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.934232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           5326                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              5326                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          1534                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             1534                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            6860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               6860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           6860                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              6860                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        31595                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           31855                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        35294                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          51934                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         66889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            83789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        66889                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           83789                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11033000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1281025469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1292058469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2925753920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2342310000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5268063920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2936786920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   3623335469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6560122389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2936786920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   3623335469                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6560122389                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        36921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         37181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        36828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        53468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        73749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          90649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        73749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         90649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.855746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.856755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.958347                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.971310                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.906982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.924323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.906982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.924323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42434.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40545.196044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40560.617454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175826.557692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66365.671219                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101437.669350                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173774.373964                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54169.377162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78293.360572                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173774.373964                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54169.377162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78293.360572                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21433200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1877                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11418.859883                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          35281                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               35281                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        31595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        35294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51934                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        66889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        66889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      7854200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    887728738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    895582938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2725202292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1906941100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4632143392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2733056492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2794669838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5527726330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2733056492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2794669838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5527726330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.855746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.856755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.958347                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971310                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.906982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.924323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.906982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.924323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30208.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28097.127330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28114.360006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163774.176202                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54030.177934                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89192.886972                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161719.319053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41780.708906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65971.981167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161719.319053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41780.708906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65971.981167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        591009                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4054.287798                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        11955550                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        595069                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         20.091031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          826.875795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.012697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.004185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    38.667318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.472435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2346.994066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    836.261301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.201874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.572997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.204165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.989816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1359783                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       112598                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6083334                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2354466                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                9910181                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         2101767                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              2101767                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32134                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               32134                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       516751                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               516751                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1359783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       112598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6083334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      2871217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                10426932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1359783                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       112598                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6083334                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2871217                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               10426932                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6739                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1043                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       349852                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       186919                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               544553                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        13566                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             13566                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        76229                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              76229                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       349852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       263148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                620782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6739                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1043                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       349852                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       263148                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               620782                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    157603503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     31181402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8113000973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5990414995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    14292200873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    533274300                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    533274300                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4018672116                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   4018672116                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    157603503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     31181402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8113000973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10009087111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     18310872989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    157603503                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     31181402                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8113000973                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10009087111                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    18310872989                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1366522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       113641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6433186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2541385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           10454734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2101767                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          2101767                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45700                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           45700                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       592980                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           592980                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1366522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       113641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6433186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3134365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            11047714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1366522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       113641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6433186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3134365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           11047714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.009178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.054382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.052087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.296849                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.296849                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.128552                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.128552                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.009178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.054382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.056191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.009178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.054382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.056191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23386.778899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29895.879195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23189.808756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32048.186621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26245.748115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39309.619637                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39309.619637                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52718.415774                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52718.415774                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23386.778899                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29895.879195                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23189.808756                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38035.961174                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29496.462509                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23386.778899                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29895.879195                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23189.808756                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38035.961174                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29496.462509                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              133758                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   133758                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           43                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                46                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       349849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       186876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          544507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        13566                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        13566                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        76229                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         76229                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       349849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       263105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           620736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       349849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       263105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          620736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    121400019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     25538632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6122764185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4952015270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11221718106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    653276673                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    653276673                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3591858842                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3591858842                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    121400019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     25538632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6122764185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8543874112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14813576948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    121400019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     25538632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6122764185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8543874112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14813576948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3927701956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3927701956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6356998864                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6356998864                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10284700820                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10284700820                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.009178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.054382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.296849                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296849                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.128552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.128552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.009178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.054382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.056187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.009178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.054382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18014.545036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24485.744966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17501.162459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26498.936568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20608.951044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48155.438080                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48155.438080                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47119.322594                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47119.322594                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18014.545036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24485.744966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17501.162459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32473.248749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23864.536531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18014.545036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24485.744966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17501.162459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32473.248749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23864.536531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                          8628                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30368.442277                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          609033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         39652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         15.359452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10583.155291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        1.428407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.054656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                     2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.078909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   160.177007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    63.832379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   8500.029139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  11056.686489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.322972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.259400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.337423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.926771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6534                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          949                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       342446                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       142503                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 492432                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          133758                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               133758                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           65                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  65                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        42723                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                42723                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       342446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       185226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  535155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6534                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          949                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       342446                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       185226                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 535155                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          205                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7403                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        44373                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                52075                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        28457                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             28457                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        18550                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              18550                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        62923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 70625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          205                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7403                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        62923                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                70625                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19189858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8773030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    692654863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2349891661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     3070509412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    439419384                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    439419384                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1490992877                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1490992877                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19189858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8773030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    692654863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3840884538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      4561502289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19189858                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8773030                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    692654863                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3840884538                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     4561502289                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       349849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       186876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             544507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       133758                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           133758                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        28522                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           28522                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        61273                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            61273                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       349849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       248149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              605780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         6739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       349849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       248149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             605780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.021161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.237446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.095637                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997721                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.997721                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.302743                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.302743                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.021161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.253569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.116585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.021161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.253569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.116585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93609.063415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93330.106383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93564.077131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52957.691862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58963.214825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15441.521735                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15441.521735                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80376.974501                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80376.974501                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93609.063415                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93330.106383                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93564.077131                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61041.026938                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64587.643030                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93609.063415                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93330.106383                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93564.077131                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61041.026938                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64587.643030                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks                3562                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                     3562                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        44373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28457                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        28457                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        18550                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         18550                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        62923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            70625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           94                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        62923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           70625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16320276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7458146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    588387151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1726896602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2339062175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1541101541                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1541101541                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1225978006                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1225978006                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16320276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7458146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    588387151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2952874608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3565040181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16320276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7458146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    588387151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2952874608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3565040181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3501182281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3501182281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5656143110                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5656143110                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9157325391                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9157325391                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.021161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.237446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997721                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997721                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.302743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.021161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.253569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.116585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.021161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.253569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.116585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79611.102439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79341.978723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79479.555721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38917.733802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44917.180509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54155.446498                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54155.446498                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66090.458544                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66090.458544                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79611.102439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79341.978723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79479.555721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46928.382436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50478.445041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79611.102439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79341.978723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79479.555721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46928.382436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50478.445041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       591254                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       746610                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       8537                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       7193                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  4952                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  7188                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  535041                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     15730                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1337864                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           786                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   236455                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   298585                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            427                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            360                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                8858                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               6433186                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999391                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                17377342                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               6433698                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.700988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     17369861                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       17369861                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     17369861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        17369861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     17369861                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       17369861                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6726354                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      6726354                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6726354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       6726354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6726354                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      6726354                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  97530375173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  97530375173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  97530375173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  97530375173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  97530375173                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  97530375173                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24096215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24096215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24096215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     24096215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24096215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     24096215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.279146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.279146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.279146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.279146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.279146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.279146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14499.738666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14499.738666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14499.738666                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14499.738666                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14499.738666                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14499.738666                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       104519                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 34839.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       292980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       292980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       292980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       292980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       292980                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       292980                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6433374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6433374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6433374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6433374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6433374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6433374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  71747344636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  71747344636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  71747344636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  71747344636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  71747344636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  71747344636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11152.366493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11152.366493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11152.366493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11152.366493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11152.366493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11152.366493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       113659                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        201031                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       113675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.768472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972605257300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       200632                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       200632                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       200632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       200632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       200632                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       200632                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       113865                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       113865                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       113865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       113865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       113865                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       113865                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2405515615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2405515615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2405515615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2405515615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2405515615                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2405515615                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       314497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       314497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       314497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       314497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       314497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       314497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.362054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.362054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.362054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.362054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.362054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.362054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21126.031836                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21126.031836                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21126.031836                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21126.031836                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21126.031836                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21126.031836                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           71                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           71                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       113865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       113865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       113865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       113865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       113865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       113865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2059226662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2059226662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2059226662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2059226662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2059226662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2059226662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.362054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.362054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.362054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18084.807992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18084.807992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18084.807992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18084.807992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18084.807992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18084.807992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      1366760                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        103543                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1366776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.075757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       103120                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       103120                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       103120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       103120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       103120                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       103120                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1367006                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1367006                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1367006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1367006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1367006                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1367006                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  24842768433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24842768433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  24842768433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  24842768433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  24842768433                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  24842768433                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1470126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1470126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1470126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      1470126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1470126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      1470126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.929856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.929856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.929856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.929856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.929856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.929856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18173.123185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18173.123185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18173.123185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18173.123185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18173.123185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18173.123185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         1179                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         1179                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1367006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1367006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1367006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1367006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1367006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1367006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  20686706526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20686706526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  20686706526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20686706526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  20686706526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20686706526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.929856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.929856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.929856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.929856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.929856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.929856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15132.857154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15132.857154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15132.857154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15132.857154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15132.857154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15132.857154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               3119269                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               255.184889                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                47459544                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               3119525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.213708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   255.184889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.996816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.996816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     29197817                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       29197817                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     18202917                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      18202917                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     47400734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        47400734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     47400734                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       47400734                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3864054                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3864054                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       646142                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       646142                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4510196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       4510196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4510196                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      4510196                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  80031142008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80031142008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14544064635                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14544064635                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  94575206643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  94575206643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  94575206643                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  94575206643                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     33061871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     33061871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18849059                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18849059                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51910930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     51910930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51910930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     51910930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.116873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.116873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034280                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034280                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20711.703824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20711.703824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22509.084125                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22509.084125                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20969.201038                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20969.201038                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20969.201038                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20969.201038                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2100518                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          2100518                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1319048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1319048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        12138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        12138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1331186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1331186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1331186                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1331186                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2545006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2545006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       634004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       634004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3179010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3179010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3179010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3179010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  42207524368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42207524368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12137550394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12137550394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54345074762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  54345074762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54345074762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  54345074762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4099642279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4099642279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6627505628                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6627505628                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10727147907                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10727147907                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.076977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033636                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033636                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16584.449847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16584.449847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19144.280468                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19144.280468                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17094.968170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17094.968170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17094.968170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17094.968170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               426602868                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        30160595                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     30160595                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      4062026                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     25972347                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        15593685                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    223899499                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             146485887                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           30160595                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     15593685                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             47955738                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       14756139                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           1438725                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      81466974                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       181252                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       291024                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         24096217                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2812305                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          63503                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    365644916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.773643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.208442                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       319162360     87.29%     87.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         3800717      1.04%     88.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         2313053      0.63%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         3616552      0.99%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2885994      0.79%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         3242306      0.89%     91.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         3291308      0.90%     92.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         2562273      0.70%     93.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        24770353      6.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    365644916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.070699                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.343378                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       220898599                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     88938636                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         44525999                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       870015                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      10411667                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     276939275                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          357                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      10411667                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       223654201                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       11786988                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     71560131                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         42608861                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      5623068                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     268327487                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        24504                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        521231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      3228246                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        11700                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    294934612                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    672460373                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    667128878                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5331495                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    220524347                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        74410254                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1620211                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1648439                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         19644927                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     40271654                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     24219424                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3678463                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2151776                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         256808286                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      2160512                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        241104062                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       641823                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     54993393                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     75687375                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       610507                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    365644916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.659394                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.398292                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    271149594     74.16%     74.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     33777334      9.24%     83.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     22547188      6.17%     89.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     13818985      3.78%     93.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10512218      2.87%     96.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7178618      1.96%     98.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4207077      1.15%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      2040243      0.56%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       413659      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    365644916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         401832     29.51%     29.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     29.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     29.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        51066      3.75%     33.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     33.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     33.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     33.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     33.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     33.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     33.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     33.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     33.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     33.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     33.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     33.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     33.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     33.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     33.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        526689     38.69%     71.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       381894     28.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1877414      0.78%      0.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    177571859     73.65%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1466992      0.61%     75.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37790236     15.67%     90.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     22397561      9.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     241104062                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.565172                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            1361481                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005647                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    846704667                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    311229332                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    232402835                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      3619996                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2792930                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1643430                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     238757150                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        1830979                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3574147                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      9442310                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        45099                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        61937                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      5321548                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        62962                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      10411667                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        8214766                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       211097                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    258968798                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      2083521                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     40271654                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     24219897                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1912404                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        106424                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         7700                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        61937                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1650205                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2858968                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4509173                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    236961828                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36723949                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      4142234                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            58629402                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        23768000                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          21905453                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.555462                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             234407015                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            234046265                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        151217228                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        235565122                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.548628                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.641934                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     60347113                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1550005                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4089010                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    355412985                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.558300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.533823                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    289726692     81.52%     81.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23561961      6.63%     88.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11214329      3.16%     91.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     11669534      3.28%     94.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5914716      1.66%     96.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2437893      0.69%     96.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1964713      0.55%     97.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1593865      0.45%     97.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      7329282      2.06%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    355412985                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    104151239                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     198427139                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              49727689                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             30829341                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             199208                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          20752930                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           1259592                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        196493828                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      7329282                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           606490781                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          527981938                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                3747838                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               60957952                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59643562620                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          104151239                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            198427139                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    104151239                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.095994                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.095994                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.244141                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.244141                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       466202182                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      253011779                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          2957461                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         1556547                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      109471341                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1497215                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         1171538                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       368088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        67496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      1400294768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       235000878                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1636908552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   1400294768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    1400294768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1016182                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    157633122                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       161610712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            37964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        46011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         8437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        175036846                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         37077664                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           212207645                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           35874                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        23326898                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           23409044                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              58565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        18401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           70000989                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           11747737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              81829355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      70000989                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         70000989                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             50799                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           7880108                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              8078949                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            109365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        18401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          70000989                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          19627845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             89908304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      746610                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      591254                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      7193                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      8537                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5414                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 8532                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 535041                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    15730                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1337864                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          786                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  298585                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  236455                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           360                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           427                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               7957                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60072786291                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 130953958                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   249983124                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           247802784                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               961102                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     17051470                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  247802784                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      961102                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         633500125                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        278985582                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            1603772                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            784475                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    60466402                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  37098176                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 23368226                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59779634989.241035                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             293151301.758962                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.004880                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.995120                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
