
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289826217                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083178723010                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 295491                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   526931                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              183662421                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4488748                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      466287                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        831509                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        77568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        40064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              136640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        77568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          77760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        15360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            15360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data          626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 2135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            240                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 240                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     56530428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        883288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              883288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4637262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1324932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    267636244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    138234561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              471454934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662466                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    267636244                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         268298709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         52997276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              52997276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         52997276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     56530428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       883288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             883288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4637262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1324932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    267636244                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    138234561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             524452210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      243                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.946087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083016852000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.946087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.559130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.559130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            256                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       125000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       125000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     43562968                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     43562968                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     43687968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     43687968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     43687968                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     43687968                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170167.843750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170167.843750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168679.413127                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168679.413127                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168679.413127                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168679.413127                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       174200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  21                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8295.238095                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            240                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 240                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        86900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        86900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     40481100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40481100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     40568000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40568000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     40568000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40568000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 28966.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28966.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 158129.296875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158129.296875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 156633.204633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156633.204633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 156633.204633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156633.204633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            4                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        16384                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            4                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                            10                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1354.919691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                               4                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                            10                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.400000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           20.907238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.999971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              2.999941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    18.655627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.030965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    910.616848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    386.709155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.005104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.222319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.094411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.330791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1083                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           82                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          107                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           42                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   1314                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks              78                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                   78                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           82                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           50                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    1322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1083                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           82                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          107                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           50                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   1322                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1212                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          499                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 1751                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                128                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  1879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1212                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 1879                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2173508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       607490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    127081829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     53404944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      183267771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     13147862                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     13147862                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2173508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       607490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    127081829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66552806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       196415633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2173508                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       607490                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    127081829                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66552806                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      196415633                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               3065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           78                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total               78                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              136                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data          676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                3201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data          676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               3201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.068182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.918878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.922366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.571289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.940741                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.941176                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.068182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.918878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.926036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.587004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.068182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.918878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.926036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.587004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103500.380952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101248.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104852.994224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107023.935872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104664.632210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103526.472441                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102717.671875                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103500.380952                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101248.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104852.994224                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106314.386581                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104532.002661                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103500.380952                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101248.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104852.994224                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106314.386581                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104532.002661                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             1865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            1865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2057708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120403229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     50684644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    173719471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     12443562                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12443562                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2057708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120403229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     63128206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    186163033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2057708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120403229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     63128206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    186163033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       636664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       636664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2055501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2055501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2692165                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2692165                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.068182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.918878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.922366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.940741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.933824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.068182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.918878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.926036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.582630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.068182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.918878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.926036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.582630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 97986.095238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95648.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99342.598185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101572.432866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99953.665708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97980.803150                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97980.803150                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 97986.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95648.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99342.598185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100843.779553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99819.320643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 97986.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95648.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99342.598185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100843.779553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99819.320643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1341.770093                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.999971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              2.999941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    18.656644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.603836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    913.019234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    391.490522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.027863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.011947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.040948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1212                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          499                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 1751                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                128                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  1879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1212                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 1879                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1985908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    116277370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     48931360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      167748728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     12015995                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     12015995                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1985908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    116277370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     60947355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       179764723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1985908                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554090                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    116277370                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     60947355                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      179764723                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               1751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                1879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               1879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total                  1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94567.047619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92348.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95938.424092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98058.837675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95801.672187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94614.133858                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93874.960938                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94567.047619                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92348.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95938.424092                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97359.992013                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95670.422033                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94567.047619                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92348.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95938.424092                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97359.992013                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95670.422033                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           127                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             1865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            1865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1692954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       470400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99271782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     41994171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143429307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     10210063                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10210063                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1692954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       470400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99271782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     52204234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    153639370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1692954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       470400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99271782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     52204234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    153639370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       566800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       566800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      1842100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1842100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2408900                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2408900                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.992549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80616.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81907.410891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84156.655311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82525.493096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80394.196850                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80394.196850                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80616.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81907.410891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83393.345048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82380.359249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80616.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81907.410891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83393.345048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82380.359249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           28                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   28                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          28                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 74                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                28                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          7                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                   810                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               446.880830                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                    9630                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   810                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 11.888889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083019185300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      1.798858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.081972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.003513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.869301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.872814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        12935                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          12948                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        12935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           12948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           13                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        12935                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          12948                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1619                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1622                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          1622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1619                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         1622                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163032116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    163032116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163032116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    163032116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163032116                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    163032116                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        14570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        14570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           16                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        14570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.187500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.111241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.111325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.187500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.111241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.111325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.187500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.111241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.111325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 100699.268684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100513.018496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 100699.268684                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 100513.018496                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 100699.268684                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 100513.018496                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130227144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130227144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130227144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130227144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130227144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130227144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98731.724033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98731.724033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98731.724033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98731.724033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98731.724033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98731.724033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           80                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.005525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs            64                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           80                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.800000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.145425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.860100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.009089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.616256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.625345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          129                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          129                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           91                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1659736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1659736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1659736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1659736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1659736                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1659736                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.405530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.413636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.405530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.413636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.405530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.413636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18860.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18238.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18860.636364                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18238.857143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18860.636364                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18238.857143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           88                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           88                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1382406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1382406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1382406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1382406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1382406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1382406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.405530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.405530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.405530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15709.159091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15709.159091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15709.159091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15709.159091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15709.159091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15709.159091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         1093                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.360638                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         1093                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.105215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.059887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.300751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.066243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.831297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.897540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          140                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          142                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          140                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          142                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1104                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         1108                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1104                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         1108                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     12980948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12980948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     12980948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     12980948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     12980948                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     12980948                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.887460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.886400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.887460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.886400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.887460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.886400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11758.105072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11715.657040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11758.105072                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11715.657040                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11758.105072                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11715.657040                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9563978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9563978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9563978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9563978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9563978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9563978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.887460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.887460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.887460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8663.023551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8663.023551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8663.023551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8663.023551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8663.023551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8663.023551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   186                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               399.845449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                    6714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   186                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 36.096774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      3.105854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   396.739596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.003033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.387441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.390474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14433                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          14437                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         7994                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          7994                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        22427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           22431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        22427                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          22431                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          947                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          136                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          137                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          1084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1080                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         1084                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93839718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93839718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     14074682                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     14074682                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107914400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    107914400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107914400                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    107914400                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        15384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         8130                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         8131                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        23515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        23515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016728                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016849                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99406.480932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99091.571278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103490.308824                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102734.905109                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99920.740741                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 99552.029520                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99920.740741                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 99552.029520                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           78                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               78                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     55075951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55075951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     13441088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13441088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     68517039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68517039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     68517039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68517039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       664264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       664264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2133129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2133129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2797393                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2797393                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016605                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016603                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101803.975970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101803.975970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99563.614815                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99563.614815                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101356.566568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101356.566568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101356.566568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101356.566568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  403692                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           21777                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        21777                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         3548                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        14589                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits            8154                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles        85116                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                 98541                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              21777                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches         8154                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                29932                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          13682                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1372                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles         58571                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          282                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            14554                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         1988                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             19                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       185245                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.025210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.526652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          156123     84.28%     84.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            1234      0.67%     84.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1197      0.65%     85.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            1578      0.85%     86.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            2191      1.18%     87.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            1585      0.86%     88.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            2151      1.16%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            1530      0.83%     90.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           17656      9.53%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       185245                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.053945                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.244099                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles           82782                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles        64707                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            27026                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles          757                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles          9971                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        180931                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles          9971                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles           85298                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          35009                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        24761                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            25202                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles         5002                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        170109                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           89                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents           993                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         3220                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       183452                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       428334                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       428334                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       107712                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           75723                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          532                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          533                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            15460                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        20867                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        12589                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads          571                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          263                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            154263                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          839                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           137789                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          734                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        53293                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        76603                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          400                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       185245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.743820                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.531620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       136393     73.63%     73.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        14995      8.09%     81.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        10221      5.52%     87.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3         7972      4.30%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4         6383      3.45%     94.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         4436      2.39%     97.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         3426      1.85%     99.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1184      0.64%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          235      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       185245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            272     47.30%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           142     24.70%     72.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          161     28.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2172      1.58%      1.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       106160     77.05%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        18550     13.46%     92.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        10907      7.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        137789                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.341322                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt                575                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004173                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       462546                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       208466                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       130358                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        136192                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2078                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         7967                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           73                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4445                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           18                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles          9971                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          29655                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          289                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       155102                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3401                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        20867                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        12589                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          705                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           124                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           73                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          756                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         3338                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         4094                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       133036                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        17515                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         4752                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               27880                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           13845                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             10365                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.329548                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                130728                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               130358                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers            84269                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           140279                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322914                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.600724                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts        57386                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          438                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         3586                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       175346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.557270                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.509477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       142187     81.09%     81.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        12026      6.86%     87.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         6403      3.65%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         4888      2.79%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         3316      1.89%     96.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1416      0.81%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          965      0.55%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         1075      0.61%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         3070      1.75%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       175346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts        50640                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps         97715                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 21040                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                12897                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 34                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             10974                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts            96929                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         3070                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              327305                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             320303                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                    997                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 218447                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts              50640                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps                97715                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total        50640                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.971801                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.971801                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.125442                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.125442                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          262197                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         138919                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          57596                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           389                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5144296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645554                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645554                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38257409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23048294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237130877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451151615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749588195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237130877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237130877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227383039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227383039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38257409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23048294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237130877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678534654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976971234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870358                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415633                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733766                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              731954                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60628                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     731954                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937068                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838728                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192340                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106982                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85358                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870358                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003783                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003782670190                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               25087254379920                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 121266                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   229324                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             7427622550                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4572700                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2693.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   326588242                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     617605102                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       933888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          1767744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       673856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      6004544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             9409984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       673856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         673856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      6258496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          6258496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             27621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          356                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        10529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        93821                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               147031                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          97789                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               97789                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        46686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               88370                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        33686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       300170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 470410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        33686                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             33686                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           312866                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                312866                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           312866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        46686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              88370                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        33686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       300170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                783276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    67406                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.236088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      27751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    67418                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.411626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.005002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.231086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.000313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.889443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.889755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           7387                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              7387                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          3304                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             3304                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           10691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              10691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          10691                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             10691                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        47105                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           47333                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        51060                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          65652                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         98165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           112985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        98165                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          112985                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      9686000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1909385637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1919071637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2574473176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   3432534000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6007007176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2584159176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   5341919637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   7926078813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2584159176                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   5341919637                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   7926078813                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        54492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         54720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        54364                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68956                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       108856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         123676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       108856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        123676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.864439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.865004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.939224                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.952085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.901788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.913556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.901788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.913556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42482.456140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40534.670141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40544.052500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176430.453399                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67225.499412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91497.702675                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174369.714980                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54417.762308                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70151.602540                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174369.714980                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54417.762308                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70151.602540                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     18627500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1681                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11081.201666                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          42572                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               42572                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        47105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        47333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        51060                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        65652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        98165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       112985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        98165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       112985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      6881400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1322946165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1329827565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2398623084                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2801673602                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5200296686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2405504484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4124619767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6530124251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2405504484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4124619767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6530124251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.864439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.865004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.939224                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.901788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.913556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.901788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.913556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30181.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28085.047553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28095.146409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164379.323191                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54870.223306                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79210.026899                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162314.742510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42017.213538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57796.382272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162314.742510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42017.213538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57796.382272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          228                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       933888                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          228                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        972598                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3998.815570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        10719283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        976624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         10.975855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1020.095755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.001175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.694662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    37.766322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.709378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2038.705872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    885.841469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.249047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.497731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.216270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.976273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1757685                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        97835                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7569547                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       633446                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               10058513                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          864513                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               864513                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        51948                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               51948                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       184069                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               184069                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1757685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        97835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7569547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       817515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                10242582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1757685                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        97835                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7569547                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       817515                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               10242582                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        14041                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3243                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       467130                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       289323                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               773737                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        32296                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             32296                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       167244                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             167244                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        14041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       467130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       456567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                940981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        14041                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3243                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       467130                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       456567                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               940981                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    326835253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     80804545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  11023459619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9379863587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    20810963004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    742635454                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    742635454                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10342716258                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10342716258                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    326835253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     80804545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  11023459619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19722579845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     31153679262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    326835253                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     80804545                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  11023459619                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19722579845                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    31153679262                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1771726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       101078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      8036677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       922769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           10832250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       864513                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           864513                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        84244                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           84244                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       351313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           351313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1771726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       101078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      8036677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1274082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            11183563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1771726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       101078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      8036677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1274082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           11183563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.058125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.313538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.071429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.383363                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.383363                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.476054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.476054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.058125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.358350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.084140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.058125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.358350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.084140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23277.206253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24916.603454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23598.269473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32420.041224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26896.688415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22994.657357                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22994.657357                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61842.076595                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61842.076595                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23277.206253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24916.603454                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23598.269473                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43197.558836                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33107.660263                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23277.206253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24916.603454                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23598.269473                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43197.558836                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33107.660263                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              277710                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   277710                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        14041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       467128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       289315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          773727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        32296                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        32296                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       167244                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        167244                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        14041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       467128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       456559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           940971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        14041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       467128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       456559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          940971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    251521737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     62796106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8364217689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7766362212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16444897744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2129712865                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2129712865                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9402241651                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9402241651                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    251521737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     62796106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8364217689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17168603863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25847139395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    251521737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     62796106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8364217689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17168603863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25847139395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3133300863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3133300863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6231911366                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6231911366                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9365212229                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9365212229                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.058125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.313529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.383363                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383363                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.476054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.476054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.058125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.358343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.084139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.032084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.058125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.358343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17913.377751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19363.584952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17905.622632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26843.966652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21254.134525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65943.549201                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65943.549201                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56218.708300                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56218.708300                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17913.377751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19363.584952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17905.622632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37604.348754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27468.582342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17913.377751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19363.584952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17905.622632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37604.348754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27468.582342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                         75548                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32072.333990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          913812                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        108095                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          8.453786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        20587.044359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.194089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.016124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.405740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.221092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   114.592746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    42.813035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4485.236567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   6836.810237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.628267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.136879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.208643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.978770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13685                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3131                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       456598                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       223947                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 697361                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          277710                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               277710                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1220                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1220                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        78016                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                78016                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       456598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       301963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  775377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13685                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3131                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       456598                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       301963                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 775377                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          356                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10530                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        65368                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                76366                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        39559                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             39559                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        80745                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              80745                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       146113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                157111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          356                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10530                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       146113                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               157111                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33412744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10570087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    988107504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3737383536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     4769473871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    570271670                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    570271670                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7105951483                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   7105951483                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33412744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10570087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    988107504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10843335019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     11875425354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33412744                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10570087                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    988107504                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10843335019                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    11875425354                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        14041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       467128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       289315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             773727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       277710                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           277710                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        40779                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           40779                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       158761                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           158761                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        14041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       467128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       448076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              932488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        14041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       467128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       448076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             932488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.034536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.022542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.225941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.098699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.970083                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.970083                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.508595                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.508595                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.034536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.022542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.326090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.168486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.034536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.022542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.326090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.168486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93856.022472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94375.776786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93837.369801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57174.512544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62455.462784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14415.725119                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14415.725119                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88004.848387                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88004.848387                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93856.022472                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94375.776786                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93837.369801                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74211.979899                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75586.212003                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93856.022472                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94375.776786                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93837.369801                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74211.979899                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75586.212003                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               55217                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    55217                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        65368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           76366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        39559                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        39559                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        80745                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         80745                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       146113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           157111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       146113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          157111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28426974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9001870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    839674695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2817802139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3694905678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2239438638                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2239438638                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5941219727                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5941219727                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28426974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9001870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    839674695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8759021866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9636125405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28426974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9001870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    839674695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8759021866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9636125405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2793336258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2793336258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5549136977                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5549136977                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8342473235                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8342473235                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.034536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.022542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.225941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.970083                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.970083                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.508595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.508595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.034536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.022542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.326090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.168486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.034536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.022542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.326090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79851.050562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80373.839286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79741.186610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43106.751606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48384.171988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56610.092217                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56610.092217                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73580.032535                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73580.032535                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79851.050562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80373.839286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79741.186610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59946.903191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61333.231951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79851.050562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80373.839286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79741.186610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59946.903191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61333.231951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       872477                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1098610                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      12600                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      10628                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  7292                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 10623                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  788286                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     23228                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1971087                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                          1161                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   348925                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   439361                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            630                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            531                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                6870                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               8036677                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.998781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                23715384                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               8037189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.950706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.000138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23712066                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       23712066                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23712066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        23712066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23712066                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       23712066                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      8338093                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      8338093                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      8338093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       8338093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      8338093                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      8338093                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102374528213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 102374528213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102374528213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 102374528213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102374528213                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 102374528213                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     32050159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32050159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     32050159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     32050159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     32050159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     32050159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.260158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.260158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.260158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.260158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.260158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.260158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12277.930723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12277.930723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12277.930723                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12277.930723                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12277.930723                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12277.930723                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       114257                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 38085.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       301262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       301262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       301262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       301262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       301262                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       301262                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      8036831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      8036831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      8036831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8036831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      8036831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8036831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  70718160274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  70718160274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  70718160274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  70718160274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  70718160274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  70718160274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.250758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.250758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.250758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8799.259344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8799.259344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8799.259344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8799.259344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8799.259344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8799.259344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       101252                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.932809                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        136314                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       101265                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.346112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5087097120300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    14.932809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.933301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.933301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       136249                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       136249                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       136249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       136249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       136249                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       136249                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       101470                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       101470                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       101470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       101470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       101470                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       101470                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1690181280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1690181280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1690181280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1690181280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1690181280                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1690181280                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       237719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       237719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       237719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       237719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       237719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       237719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.426849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.426849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.426849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.426849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.426849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.426849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16656.955553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16656.955553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16656.955553                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16656.955553                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16656.955553                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16656.955553                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2180                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2180                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       101470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       101470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       101470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       101470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       101470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       101470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1378891959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1378891959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1378891959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1378891959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1378891959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1378891959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.426849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.426849                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426849                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.426849                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426849                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13589.158953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13589.158953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13589.158953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13589.158953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13589.158953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13589.158953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      1773210                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.644349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        233199                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1773225                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.131511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5086417356300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.644194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.977762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.977772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       233173                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       233173                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       233173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       233173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       233173                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       233173                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1774195                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1774195                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1774195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1774195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1774195                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1774195                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  26986442891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26986442891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  26986442891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  26986442891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  26986442891                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  26986442891                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2007368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2007368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2007368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2007368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2007368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2007368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.883841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.883841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.883841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15210.528094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15210.528094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15210.528094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15210.528094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15210.528094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15210.528094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         4300                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         4300                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1774195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1774195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1774195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1774195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1774195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1774195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  21565426845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21565426845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  21565426845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21565426845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  21565426845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21565426845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12155.048822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12155.048822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12155.048822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12155.048822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12155.048822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12155.048822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1251578                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse              1006.712748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                69193906                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1252599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 55.240269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5086881999300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.000421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1006.712327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.983118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.983118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     43119395                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       43119395                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     25955672                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      25955672                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     69075067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        69075067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     69075067                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       69075067                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1507153                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1507153                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       437195                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       437195                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1944348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       1944348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1944348                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      1944348                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38442349905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38442349905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17594752443                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  17594752443                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  56037102348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  56037102348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  56037102348                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  56037102348                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     44626548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     44626548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26392867                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     26392867                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     71019415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     71019415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     71019415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     71019415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016565                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016565                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25506.600793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25506.600793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40244.633271                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40244.633271                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28820.510705                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28820.510705                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28820.510705                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28820.510705                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       858033                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           858033                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       583264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       583264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3887                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3887                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       587151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       587151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       587151                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       587151                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       923889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       923889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       433308                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       433308                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1357197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1357197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1357197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1357197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18844818813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18844818813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15951477126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15951477126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34796295939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34796295939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34796295939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34796295939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3269805372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3269805372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6483134181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6483134181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9752939553                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9752939553                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016418                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016418                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20397.275877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20397.275877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36813.253219                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36813.253219                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25638.353120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25638.353120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25638.353120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25638.353120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               495497228                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        39923150                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     39923150                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      5082219                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     33865009                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        20746313                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    258565242                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             196400332                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           39923150                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     20746313                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             63223357                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       17503477                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           1112926                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     100699701                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       157628                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       165387                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         32050161                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      3612730                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          42623                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    435995240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.861483                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.316428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       374817478     85.97%     85.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         4443961      1.02%     86.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         3070239      0.70%     87.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         4815825      1.10%     88.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         3793180      0.87%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         4269632      0.98%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         4383210      1.01%     91.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         3463299      0.79%     92.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        32938416      7.55%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    435995240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.080572                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.396370                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       255959430                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    108136760                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         58798980                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1029108                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      12070962                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     368177803                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          120                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      12070962                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       259343844                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       32990828                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     67864287                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         56462299                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      7263020                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     357239173                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        34353                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        427422                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      4489214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        18583                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    393482900                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    899041043                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    892052859                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      6988184                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    304841812                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        88641094                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2049113                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2070732                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         24236011                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     53348928                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     32493422                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      4471568                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2610162                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         341541759                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      2841588                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        323154779                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       673341                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     63585744                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     91428476                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       808971                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    435995240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.741189                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.488529                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    313270364     71.85%     71.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     42100103      9.66%     81.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     28706301      6.58%     88.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     17953243      4.12%     92.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     14175370      3.25%     95.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     10022884      2.30%     97.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      6066483      1.39%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      3036389      0.70%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       664103      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    435995240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         615367     32.48%     32.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     32.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     32.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        72542      3.83%     36.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     36.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     36.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     36.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     36.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     36.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     36.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     36.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     36.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     36.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     36.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     36.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     36.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     36.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     36.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     36.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        711020     37.53%     73.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       495846     26.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      2232318      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    238178999     73.70%     74.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1900306      0.59%     74.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     50504848     15.63%     90.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     30338308      9.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     323154779                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.652183                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            1894775                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1080728453                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    404548224                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    311995797                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      4765640                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      3491177                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2161655                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     320411699                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        2405537                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      4401167                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     10764088                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        61273                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        75703                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      6049308                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        69533                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      12070962                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       27221992                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       250768                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    344383347                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      2985994                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     53348928                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     32493528                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      2478453                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         85152                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         8670                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        75703                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      2132722                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      3496318                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      5629040                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    317761298                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     49116419                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      5393482                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            78781944                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        31995336                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          29665525                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.641298                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             314619718                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            314157452                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        202690206                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        315284171                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.634025                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.642881                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     69936726                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2032618                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      5093931                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    424177096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.646609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.599070                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    330685035     77.96%     77.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     33869334      7.98%     85.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     16229257      3.83%     89.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     17152390      4.04%     93.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      8641971      2.04%     95.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3595869      0.85%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2833627      0.67%     97.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      2414081      0.57%     97.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      8755532      2.06%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    424177096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    145361897                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     274276832                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              69029060                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             42584840                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             291780                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          28713885                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           1800624                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        271592139                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      8755532                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           759207358                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          700522145                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                3424264                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               59501988                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59576053682                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          145361897                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            274276832                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    145361897                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.408715                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.408715                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.293366                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.293366                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       631256090                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      340934413                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          3820526                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         2037552                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      146706092                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1884346                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         1725138                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       895760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        71600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      1929153096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       320221017                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         2252072379                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   1929153096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    1929153096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1499005                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    215350160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       219810573                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            56091                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       111970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         8950                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        241144137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         50674352                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           291996221                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           53078                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        31973176                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           32072526                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              86241                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        44780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           96439415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           16008023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             112582326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      96439415                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         96439415                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             74936                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          10765472                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             10988450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            161177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        44780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          96439415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          26773495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            123570776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1098610                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      872477                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     10628                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     12600                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 7965                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                12596                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 788286                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    23228                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1971087                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                         1161                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  439361                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  348925                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           531                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           630                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               6243                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60072733330                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 180339687                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   341754833                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           338682829                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              1408048                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     23399617                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  338682829                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     1408048                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         865707325                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        380855769                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            2350154                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes           1149761                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    82699699                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  50687374                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 32012325                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59671468969.089684                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             401264360.910314                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.006680                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.993320                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
