
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  84898                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   151379                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               46268909                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491052                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     6.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      535841                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        955445                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        77824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        80384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              300992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        76864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            76864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4703                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    266491335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5259697                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    465702374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    275257498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1030681537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    465702374                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         465921528                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        263204024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             263204024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        263204024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    266491335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5259697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    465702374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    275257498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1293885562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1220                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.639928                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598615157000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.639928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.539995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.539995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1216                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1236                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       825000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       825000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    222253848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    222253848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    223078848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    223078848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    223078848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    223078848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        41250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        41250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 182774.546053                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182774.546053                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180484.504854                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180484.504854                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180484.504854                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180484.504854                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1250500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 130                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9619.230769                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1201                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1201                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       575900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       575900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    207619676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    207619676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    208195576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    208195576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    208195576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    208195576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        28795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        28795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170739.865132                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170739.865132                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168443.022654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168443.022654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168443.022654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168443.022654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           19                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        77824                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           19                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           254                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1814.725943                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              84                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.330709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           89.266039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.940323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.271953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.708819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1170.381555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    505.157389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.021793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.285738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.123329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.443048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2473                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           91                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2059                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          530                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5153                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             661                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  661                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   86                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           91                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2473                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           91                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2059                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          616                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5239                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2157                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          945                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3209                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          316                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                317                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2157                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1261                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3526                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7750036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2739961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223103366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101711003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      335304366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33047715                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     33047715                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7750036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2739961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223103366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    134758718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       368352081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7750036                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2739961                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223103366                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    134758718                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      368352081                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          661                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              661                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          402                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              403                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.640678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.383760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.786070                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.786600                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.402282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.402282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 109155.436620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 114165.041667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103432.251275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107630.691005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104488.739794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104581.376582                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104251.466877                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 109155.436620                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 114165.041667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103432.251275                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106866.548771                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104467.408111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 109155.436620                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 114165.041667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103432.251275                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106866.548771                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104467.408111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  13                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       13                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          316                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           316                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7362936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2607661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211195014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96534405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    317700016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31294015                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31294015                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7362936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2607661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211195014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127828420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    348994031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7362936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2607661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211195014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127828420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    348994031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3183678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3183678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7059768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7059768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10243446                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10243446                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.640678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.786070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.784119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.400799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103703.323944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 108652.541667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97911.457580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102152.809524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99374.418517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99031.693038                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99031.693038                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103703.323944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 108652.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97911.457580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101370.674068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99343.589809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103703.323944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 108652.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97911.457580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101370.674068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99343.589809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1777.230954                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            1.493656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.130777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.709969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1196.242747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    527.653941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     37                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              13                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   13                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      37                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           32                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     37                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2125                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          942                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3172                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2125                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1256                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3487                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7092936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2526361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203500731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93191198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      306311226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30049257                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30049257                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7092936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2526361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203500731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123240455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       336360483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7092936                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2526361                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203500731                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123240455                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      336360483                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           13                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               13                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              315                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.988470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.989501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.989501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102796.173913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105265.041667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95765.049882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98929.084926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96567.221311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95698.270701                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95394.466667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102796.173913                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105265.041667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95765.049882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98121.381369                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96461.279897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102796.173913                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105265.041667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95765.049882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98121.381369                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96461.279897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6136050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2192598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173665003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     80062388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    262056039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25587694                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25587694                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6136050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2192598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173665003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105650082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    287643733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6136050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2192598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173665003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105650082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    287643733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.985812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88928.260870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91358.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81724.707294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84991.919321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82929.126266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81489.471338                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81489.471338                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88928.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91358.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81724.707294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84116.307325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82799.002015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88928.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91358.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81724.707294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84116.307325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82799.002015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3704                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               429.487926                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   21781                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.880400                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598744161000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.164468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   429.323457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.838522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.838844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25230                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25239                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25230                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25239                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4943                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4944                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4943                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4944                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    318928999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    318928999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    318928999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    318928999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    318928999                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    318928999                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.163822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.163801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.163822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.163801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.163822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.163801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64521.343111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64508.292678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64521.343111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64508.292678                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64521.343111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64508.292678                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          727                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          727                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248428043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    248428043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248428043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    248428043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248428043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    248428043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58925.057638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58925.057638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58925.057638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58925.057638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58925.057638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58925.057638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          102                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.228887                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          102                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.196078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598749201300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.135118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    11.093769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.693361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.701805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          389                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          389                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          389                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          389                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          118                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          118                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4114065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4114065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4114065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4114065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4114065                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4114065                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.232742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.232742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.232742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35774.478261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34864.957627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35774.478261                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34864.957627                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35774.478261                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34864.957627                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3743510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3743510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3743510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3743510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3743510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3743510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32552.260870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32552.260870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32552.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32552.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32552.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32552.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2535                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.904839                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2535                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.284024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598620511300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.825924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.078915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.931552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          793                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          793                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          793                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          793                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2545                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2552                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2545                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2552                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37609846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     37609846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37609846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     37609846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37609846                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     37609846                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.762433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.762930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.762433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.762930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.762433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.762930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14777.935560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14737.400470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14777.935560                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14737.400470                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14777.935560                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14737.400470                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29761710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29761710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29761710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     29761710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29761710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     29761710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.762433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.762433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.762433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11694.188605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11694.188605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11694.188605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11694.188605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11694.188605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11694.188605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1379                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               366.949903                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   36794                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 26.681653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.408368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   366.541535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.715901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.716699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31586                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31586                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17334                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17335                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        48920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           48921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        48920                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          48921                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2690                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2691                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          414                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          415                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3104                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3106                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    214041394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    214041394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36973827                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36973827                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    251015221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    251015221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    251015221                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    251015221                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17748                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17750                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.078481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.078507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023327                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023380                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79569.291450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79539.722780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89308.760870                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89093.559036                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80868.305735                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80816.233419                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80868.305735                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80816.233419                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          661                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              661                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110729089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110729089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34655878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34655878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145384967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145384967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145384967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145384967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3323623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3323623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7326183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7326183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10649806                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10649806                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022819                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022817                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75070.568814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75070.568814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85570.069136                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85570.069136                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77332.429255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77332.429255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77332.429255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77332.429255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44463                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44463                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6926                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        33729                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17521                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       200682                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                211616                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44463                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17521                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62596                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              3766                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        164802                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1523                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          399                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30173                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4171                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             67                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       454318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.867652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.341463                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          393077     86.52%     86.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2784      0.61%     87.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2438      0.54%     87.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3321      0.73%     88.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4918      1.08%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3769      0.83%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5659      1.25%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2720      0.60%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35632      7.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       454318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050702                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.241311                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          198395                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       176438                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56755                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2177                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20550                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        378638                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20550                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          203589                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         108561                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        54319                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            53733                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13563                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        360019                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2879                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8992                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       396878                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       899987                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       899825                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          162                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       242955                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          153785                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1039                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1035                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36757                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47505                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27338                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3141                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1414                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            334809                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1735                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           296694                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1729                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       111521                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       168662                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          844                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       454318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.653054                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.426909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       344126     75.75%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36940      8.13%     83.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23427      5.16%     89.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17997      3.96%     92.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12769      2.81%     95.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9767      2.15%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6530      1.44%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2278      0.50%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          484      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       454318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            756     48.21%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           418     26.66%     74.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          394     25.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3259      1.10%      1.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       228631     77.06%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41546     14.00%     92.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23248      7.84%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        296694                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.338328                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1568                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005285                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1052008                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       448153                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       282634                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           60                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           78                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           18                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        294973                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             30                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5040                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17993                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          116                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          172                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9536                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20550                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92403                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1007                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       336544                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5138                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47505                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27338                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1354                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           544                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           50                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          172                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1472                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6596                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8068                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       287913                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39394                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8781                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61565                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29551                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22171                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.328314                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                283439                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               282652                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           185960                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           295444                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322315                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629426                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       120879                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6976                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       433857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.496956                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.426698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       359804     82.93%     82.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27445      6.33%     89.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13679      3.15%     92.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11692      2.69%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6823      1.57%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3390      0.78%     97.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1990      0.46%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2725      0.63%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6309      1.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       433857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117164                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        215608                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47276                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29480                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23883                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           213698                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6309                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              763892                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             693762                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2719                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 422625                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117164                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               215608                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117164                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.484748                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.484748                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.133605                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.133605                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          558061                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         308684                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               27                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         126309                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.964639                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2964639335391                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10563702488901                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  62996                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   109798                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               61854425                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5285924                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 47929.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3019341419                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5262565134                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      2068096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            12800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7019392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1352384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     96263680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    471777280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           578493632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     96263680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       96263680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    258716160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        258716160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        32314                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       109678                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst      1504120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      7371520                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              9038963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        4042440                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             4042440                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       697588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                4318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2367705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       456172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     32470621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    159134797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              195131200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     32470621                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          32470621                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         87267330                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              87267330                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         87267330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       697588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               4318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2367705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       456172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     32470621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    159134797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             282398531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    34989                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.977170                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    35005                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.003628                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.834807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.142363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.989675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.008898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.998573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             49                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                49                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            18                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               18                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             67                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                67                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          520                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet          152                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             672                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        34240                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          34499                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        34760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            35171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        34760                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          411                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           35171                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     21997000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      7118499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     29115499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5861333720                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet     20243000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5881576720                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5883330720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet     27361499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   5910692219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5883330720                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet     27361499                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   5910692219                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet          201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        34240                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet          277                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        34517                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        34760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          35238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        34760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         35238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.756219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.932039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999479                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.859833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.998099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.859833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42301.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 46832.230263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43326.635417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171183.811916                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 78158.301158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170485.426244                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 169255.774453                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66572.990268                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168055.847687                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 169255.774453                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66572.990268                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168055.847687                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     38165200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                3577                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10669.611406                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          34408                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               34408                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        34240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        34760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        34760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     15520100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      5237500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20757600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5448711508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     17065000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5465776508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5464231608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     22302500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5486534108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5464231608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     22302500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5486534108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.756219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.932039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999479                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.859833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.859833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29846.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 34457.236842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30889.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 159132.929556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 65888.030888                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158432.896838                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 157198.837975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54263.990268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155995.965654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 157198.837975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54263.990268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155995.965654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          535                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2191360                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          535                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      29391149                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4015.101495                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                       124584531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      29395176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          4.238265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7627728146806                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          997.418400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.005627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.001971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   143.184103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    46.590432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    920.025720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1907.875243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.243510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.224616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.465790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.980249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     45459245                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3788754                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     17698084                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     33222970                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total              100169053                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        29868209                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             29868209                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1440905                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1440905                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8336440                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              8336440                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     45459245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3788754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     17698084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     41559410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total               108505493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     45459245                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3788754                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     17698084                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     41559410                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total              108505493                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       650101                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       217950                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6911225                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     16149387                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             23928663                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        13062                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             13062                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5385236                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            5385236                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       650101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       217950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6911225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     21534623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              29313899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       650101                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       217950                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6911225                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     21534623                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             29313899                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  22979979543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6535572124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 271942557845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 704287047594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1005745157106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    297123656                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    297123656                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 363682678821                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 363682678821                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  22979979543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6535572124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 271942557845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1067969726415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1369427835927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  22979979543                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6535572124                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 271942557845                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1067969726415                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1369427835927                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46109346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4006704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24609309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     49372357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total          124097716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     29868209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         29868209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1453967                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1453967                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13721676                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         13721676                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46109346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4006704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24609309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63094033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total           137819392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46109346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4006704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24609309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63094033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total          137819392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.054396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.327094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.192821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008984                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.008984                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.392462                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.392462                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.054396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.341310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.212698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.054396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.341310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.212698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35348.322096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29986.566295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39347.953199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43610.760433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42030.980047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22747.179299                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22747.179299                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67533.285230                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67533.285230                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35348.322096                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29986.566295                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39347.953199                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49593.147111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46715.990798                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35348.322096                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29986.566295                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39347.953199                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49593.147111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46715.990798                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks            10725710                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                 10725710                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           59                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           82                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           59                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           82                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           59                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           62                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           82                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               211                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       650042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       217888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6911217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16149305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23928452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        13062                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        13062                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5385236                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       5385236                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       650042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       217888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6911217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21534541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         29313688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       650042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       217888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6911217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21534541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        29313688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  19441786365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5329591140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 232833482913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 614003238188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 871608098606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1063430774                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1063430774                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 333552851805                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 333552851805                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  19441786365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5329591140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 232833482913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 947556089993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1205160950411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  19441786365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5329591140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 232833482913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 947556089993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1205160950411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    183985138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    183985138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    421185617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    421185617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    605170755                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    605170755                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.054381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.327092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.192819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008984                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008984                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.392462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.054381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.341309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.212696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.054381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.341309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.212696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29908.508012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24460.232505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33689.216084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38020.412531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36425.594878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81414.084673                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81414.084673                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61938.390779                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61938.390779                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29908.508012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24460.232505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33689.216084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44001.685014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41112.566607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29908.508012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24460.232505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33689.216084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44001.685014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41112.566607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       8979030                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32219.251600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        25646465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       9011065                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.846108                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  8030358607745                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10908.419315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.057336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.036783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.005862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   511.174774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   128.992047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6341.060649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  14329.504270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.332899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.193514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.437302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.983254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       540364                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       196757                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5407094                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11872383                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               18016598                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks        10725710                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total             10725710                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2227                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2227                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2289824                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              2289824                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       540364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       196757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5407094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     14162207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                20306422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       540364                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       196757                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5407094                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     14162207                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               20306422                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       109678                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21131                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1504123                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4276922                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              5911854                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        11050                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             11050                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3095198                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            3095198                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       109678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1504123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7372120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               9007052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       109678                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21131                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1504123                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7372120                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              9007052                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10225967454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2001014554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 140543351931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 400398140959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   553168474898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     87165818                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     87165818                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 287349417162                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 287349417162                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10225967454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2001014554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 140543351931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 687747558121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    840517892060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10225967454                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2001014554                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 140543351931                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 687747558121                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   840517892060                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       650042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       217888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6911217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16149305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           23928452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     10725710                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total         10725710                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        13277                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           13277                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5385022                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          5385022                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       650042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       217888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6911217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21534327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            29313474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       650042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       217888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6911217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21534327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           29313474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.168724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.096981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.217635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.264836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.247064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.832266                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.832266                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.574779                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.574779                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.168724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.096981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.217635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.342343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.307267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.168724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.096981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.217635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.342343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.307267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93236.268477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94695.686622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93438.736015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93618.293941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93569.373482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7888.309321                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7888.309321                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92837.168143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92837.168143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93236.268477                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94695.686622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93438.736015                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93290.336853                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93317.757248                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93236.268477                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94695.686622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93438.736015                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93290.336853                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93317.757248                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             4008032                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  4008032                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       109678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1504123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4276922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5911854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11050                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        11050                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3095198                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3095198                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       109678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1504123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7372120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          9007052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       109678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1504123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7372120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         9007052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8687807743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1705573851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 119334281315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 340170062820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 469897725729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    863199725                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    863199725                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 242963613983                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 242963613983                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8687807743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1705573851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 119334281315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 583133676803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 712861339712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8687807743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1705573851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 119334281315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 583133676803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 712861339712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    164071153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    164071153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    371199303                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    371199303                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    535270456                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    535270456                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.168724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.096981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.217635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.264836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.832266                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.832266                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.574779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.574779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.168724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.096981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.217635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.342343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.307267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.168724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.096981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.217635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.342343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.307267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79211.945358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80714.298945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79338.113515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79536.185794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79483.986873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78117.622172                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78117.622172                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78496.953663                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78496.953663                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79211.945358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80714.298945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79338.113515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79099.862292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79144.801175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79211.945358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80714.298945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79338.113515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79099.862292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79144.801175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                         2622                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         6408                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         45                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         66                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    66                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   24367                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                       111                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        9030                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            37                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     7075                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    17292                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             15                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                             22                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  39                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              24609421                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.998655                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               733701933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              24609933                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 29.813244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    733696624                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      733696624                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    733696624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       733696624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    733696624                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      733696624                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     26511667                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     26511667                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     26511667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      26511667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     26511667                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     26511667                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 637669208007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 637669208007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 637669208007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 637669208007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 637669208007                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 637669208007                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    760208291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    760208291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    760208291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    760208291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    760208291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    760208291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24052.399572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24052.399572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24052.399572                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24052.399572                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24052.399572                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24052.399572                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     15942871                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            387                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 41196.049096                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1902127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1902127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1902127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1902127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1902127                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1902127                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     24609540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     24609540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     24609540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     24609540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     24609540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     24609540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 489076418150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 489076418150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 489076418150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 489076418150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 489076418150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 489076418150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19873.448189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19873.448189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19873.448189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19873.448189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19873.448189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19873.448189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4007114                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999762                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs      13705730                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4007130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.420336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13705521                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     13705521                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13705521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     13705521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13705521                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     13705521                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4007348                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4007348                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4007348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4007348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4007348                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4007348                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  63350534058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  63350534058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  63350534058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  63350534058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  63350534058                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  63350534058                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17712869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17712869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17712869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     17712869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17712869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     17712869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.226239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.226239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.226239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15808.593129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15808.593129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15808.593129                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15808.593129                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15808.593129                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15808.593129                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         7336                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         7336                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4007348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4007348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4007348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4007348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4007348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4007348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  50726592502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  50726592502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  50726592502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  50726592502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  50726592502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  50726592502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12658.394655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12658.394655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12658.394655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12658.394655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12658.394655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12658.394655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     46126074                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998422                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      91727913                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     46126090                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.988634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     91727341                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     91727341                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     91727341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     91727341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     91727341                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     91727341                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46139268                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     46139268                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46139268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     46139268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46139268                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     46139268                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 579722836871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 579722836871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 579722836871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 579722836871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 579722836871                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 579722836871                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    137866609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total    137866609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    137866609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total    137866609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    137866609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total    137866609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.334666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.334666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.334666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12564.630130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12564.630130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12564.630130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12564.630130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12564.630130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12564.630130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        53951                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        53951                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46139268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     46139268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46139268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     46139268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46139268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     46139268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 435722380364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 435722380364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 435722380364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 435722380364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 435722380364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 435722380364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.334666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9443.634441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9443.634441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9443.634441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9443.634441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9443.634441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9443.634441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              63093676                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.998948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs              1485710008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              63094188                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 23.547494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.998948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data   1092727751                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1092727751                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    391287347                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     391287347                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1484015098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total      1484015098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1484015098                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total     1484015098                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     77665628                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     77665628                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     15219140                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     15219140                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     92884768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      92884768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     92884768                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     92884768                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2310675179585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2310675179585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 553912012425                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 553912012425                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2864587192010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2864587192010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2864587192010                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2864587192010                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1170393379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1170393379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    406506487                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    406506487                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1576899866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1576899866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1576899866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1576899866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.066359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037439                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037439                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.058903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.058903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29751.580449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29751.580449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36395.749853                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36395.749853                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30840.225515                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30840.225515                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30840.225515                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30840.225515                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     29806921                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         29806921                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     28277263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     28277263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        69806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        69806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     28347069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     28347069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     28347069                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     28347069                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     49388365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     49388365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15149334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     15149334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     64537699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     64537699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     64537699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     64537699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1108143916230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1108143916230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 496281371567                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 496281371567                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1604425287797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1604425287797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1604425287797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1604425287797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    191937925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    191937925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    440194694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    440194694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    632132619                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    632132619                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037267                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037267                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22437.347667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22437.347667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32759.286419                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32759.286419                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24860.280311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24860.280311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24860.280311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24860.280311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              8902820827                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       884275480                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    884275480                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     94741175                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    641653009                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       518765405                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   2918601436                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            4900074862                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          884275480                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    518765405                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles           1453891272                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      500035594                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles         126114750                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    2762783997                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       174949                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2780528                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         3947                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        760208640                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     47405557                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1890220                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   7667451260                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.121777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.562871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      6237722075     81.35%     81.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        89106655      1.16%     82.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        85935298      1.12%     83.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3       132591545      1.73%     85.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        99102238      1.29%     86.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5       119120698      1.55%     88.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        90854490      1.18%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        98865146      1.29%     90.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       714153115      9.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   7667451260                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.099325                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.550396                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      3024177911                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2843337781                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles       1341356252                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     55478935                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     403100381                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    8399842422                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         3525                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     403100381                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      3145995528                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     2285428957                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     66378799                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles       1264989765                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    501557830                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    8168447793                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      4494473                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      86727407                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    386311969                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2619278                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   9150390319                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  20593902025                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  20524511025                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     69391000                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   5933651665                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      3216738651                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3713499                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3713296                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts       1088435622                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1586257039                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    637014832                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    102183786                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     69020630                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        7808559475                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      6777120                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       6830583078                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     15417435                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   2487701852                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   3717377808                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      2753631                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   7667451260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.890854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.508305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   4889722656     63.77%     63.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1   1000786175     13.05%     76.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    700902138      9.14%     85.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    429820369      5.61%     91.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    298700291      3.90%     95.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    194540182      2.54%     98.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6    107147496      1.40%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     38511154      0.50%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      7320799      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   7667451260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        9611327     29.66%     29.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     29.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     29.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        36612      0.11%     29.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     29.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     29.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     29.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     29.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     29.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     29.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     29.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     29.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     29.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     29.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     29.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     29.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     29.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     29.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     29.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     29.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     29.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     29.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     29.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     29.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     29.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     29.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     29.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     29.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     29.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead      13464569     41.55%     71.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      9289999     28.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     45880132      0.67%      0.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   4898150386     71.71%     72.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     10726430      0.16%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1349896654     19.76%     92.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    525929476      7.70%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    6830583078                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.767238                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           32402507                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004744                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  21371131572                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes  10268054269                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   6609301863                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     41960451                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     36217326                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     19427275                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    6796174867                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       20930586                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    144370509                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    532581504                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses      1156577                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation      1291611                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    230516905                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       346369                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1135                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     403100381                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1617197203                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     34800074                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   7815336595                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     45581195                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1586257039                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    637014878                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      6167111                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents      13399975                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      4228252                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents      1291611                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     65198044                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     36748776                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts    101946820                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   6722157394                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts   1315184444                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts    108425683                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1831368109                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       643961293                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         516183665                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.755059                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            6648730414                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           6628729138                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       4648817185                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       7209955660                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.744565                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644777                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   2592684334                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      4023489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     95046633                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   7265122432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.719364                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.775704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   5647567328     77.74%     77.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    554212142      7.63%     85.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    253895988      3.49%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    305616113      4.21%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    112935064      1.55%     94.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     65992521      0.91%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     49586242      0.68%     96.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     34339254      0.47%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    240977780      3.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   7265122432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2999760550                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    5226269788                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs            1460173545                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads           1053675550                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             252382                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         546952969                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          15370413                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       5195039012                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    240977780                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         14842123381                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        16042643428                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               24985205                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles             1235369567                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         2999760550                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           5226269788                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   2999760550                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.967844                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.967844                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.336945                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.336945                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads     13064266288                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     7375654320                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         18450217                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        14278372                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     3236587746                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3536428                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            8888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       554112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       225800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       194604776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        32837445                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          228233421                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    194604776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     194604776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         5102                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     24000293                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        25238291                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        69264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        28225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         24325597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          5164345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            29588007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet             212                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         3235189                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            3254665                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          810                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               2998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       186907                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        76164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           65641973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           11076371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              76985223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      65641973                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         65641973                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       415867                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet              1721                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           8095519                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              8513107                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       416677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              4719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       186907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        76164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          65641973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          19171890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             85498330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        6408                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                        2622                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        66                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        45                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   22                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   44                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  24367                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                      111                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       9030                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           37                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   17292                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    7075                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                            22                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            15                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 48                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     8895624352                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  18506015                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    34390194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            34252829                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                30625                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2766492                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   34252829                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       30625                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          89468508                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         39251189                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              45815                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             18806                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     8421370                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   5179114                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  3242256                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             8855438342.007565                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             40186009.992436                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.004518                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.995482                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
