
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  46047                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    82705                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               24288358                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490120                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    11.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549738                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        50688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              249024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        48768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            48768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1090                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3891                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            762                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 762                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    174801837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6400572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    433252533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    240573236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              858780238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    433252533                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         433693952                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        168180555                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             168180555                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        168180555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    174801837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6400572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    433252533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    240573236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1026960794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      783                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.262622                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      783                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971064247000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.262622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.516414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.516414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              13                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          795                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            795                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          808                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             808                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       553000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       553000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    137831896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137831896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    138384896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    138384896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    138384896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    138384896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42538.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42538.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173373.454088                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173373.454088                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171268.435644                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171268.435644                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171268.435644                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171268.435644                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       903100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  76                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11882.894737                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            770                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 770                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          795                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          795                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       390000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       390000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    128365184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128365184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    128755184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128755184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    128755184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128755184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        30000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161465.640252                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161465.640252                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 159350.475248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159350.475248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 159350.475248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159350.475248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           13                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        53248                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           13                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           216                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1677.096417                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              60                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           216                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.277778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           83.379563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.738300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.307467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1101.335158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    456.336005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.020356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.268881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.111410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.409447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2359                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2002                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          563                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5007                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             602                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  602                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          103                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  103                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2359                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2002                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          666                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5110                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1994                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          822                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2863                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          283                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                283                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1994                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1105                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3146                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3063678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       832445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204920567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85833483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      294650173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29113612                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29113612                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3063678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       832445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204920567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    114947095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       323763785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3063678                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       832445                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204920567                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    114947095                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      323763785                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          602                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              602                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          386                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              386                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.498999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.593502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.363787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.733161                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.733161                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.498999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.623941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.381056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.498999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.623941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.381056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105644.068966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92493.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102768.589268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104420.295620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102916.581558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102874.954064                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102874.954064                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105644.068966                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92493.888889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102768.589268                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104024.520362                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102912.836936                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105644.068966                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92493.888889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102768.589268                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104024.520362                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102912.836936                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  11                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       11                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          283                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           283                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2905478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       782538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193909020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81335093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    278932129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27543212                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27543212                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2905478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       782538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193909020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108878305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    306475341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2905478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       782538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193909020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108878305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    306475341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3182691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3182691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7062104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7062104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10244795                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10244795                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.498999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.593502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.733161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.498999                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.623941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.379966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.498999                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.623941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.379966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100188.896552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86948.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97246.248746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98947.801703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97733.752278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97325.837456                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97325.837456                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100188.896552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86948.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97246.248746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98532.402715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97696.952821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100188.896552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86948.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97246.248746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98532.402715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97696.952821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1651.673968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            2.083769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.379127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.962592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1133.519705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    478.728852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.050405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     45                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              11                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   11                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      45                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     45                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1963                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          809                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2818                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          282                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                282                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1963                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1091                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3100                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2804878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186777295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78290886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      268613897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26500524                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26500524                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2804878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186777295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104791410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       295114421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2804878                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186777295                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104791410                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      295114421                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           11                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               11                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          282                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              282                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.984282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.985692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.985692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96719.931034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95148.902191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96774.889988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95320.758339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93973.489362                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93973.489362                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96719.931034                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95148.902191                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96050.788268                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95198.200323                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96719.931034                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95148.902191                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96050.788268                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95198.200323                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          282                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           282                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2403138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159186110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66998159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229216232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22480215                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22480215                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2403138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159186110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89478374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251696447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2403138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159186110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89478374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251696447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.982830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82866.827586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81093.280693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82816.018541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81600.652189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79717.074468                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79717.074468                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82866.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81093.280693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82015.008249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81428.808476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82866.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81093.280693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82015.008249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81428.808476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3486                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               418.272324                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   27292                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3486                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  7.829030                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971189066000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.445062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   417.827261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.816069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.816938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30446                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          30465                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           30465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30446                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          30465                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4637                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4639                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4637                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4639                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293827605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    293827605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293827605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    293827605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293827605                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    293827605                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.132150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.132150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.132150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63365.884192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63338.565424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63365.884192                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63338.565424                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63365.884192                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63338.565424                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          641                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          641                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229506409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229506409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229506409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229506409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229506409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229506409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.113901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.113901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.113901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57434.036286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57434.036286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57434.036286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57434.036286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57434.036286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57434.036286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           84                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.588719                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           164                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           84                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.952381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.332172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.256547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.020761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.578534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.599295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          220                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          220                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          220                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          220                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           95                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           95                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           95                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2101268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2101268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2101268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2101268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2101268                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2101268                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.294872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.301587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.294872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.301587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.294872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.301587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22839.869565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22118.610526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22839.869565                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22118.610526                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22839.869565                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22118.610526                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           92                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           92                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           92                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1813073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1813073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1813073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1813073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1813073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1813073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.294872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.294872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.294872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19707.315217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19707.315217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19707.315217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19707.315217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19707.315217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19707.315217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2376                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.341236                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2376                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.094276                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.064721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.276515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.066545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.767282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.833827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          299                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          299                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2389                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2392                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2389                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2392                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31137691                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31137691                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31137691                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31137691                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31137691                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31137691                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13033.776057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13017.429348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13033.776057                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13017.429348                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13033.776057                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13017.429348                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23771324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23771324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23771324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23771324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23771324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23771324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.887774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.887774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.887774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9950.323985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9950.323985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9950.323985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9950.323985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9950.323985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9950.323985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1277                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               356.472179                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   42136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1277                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 32.996085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.291125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   356.181053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.695666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.696235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34264                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34264                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20693                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20693                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        54957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           54957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        54957                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          54957                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2730                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2731                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          395                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          395                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3125                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3126                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    208129009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    208129009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33062164                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33062164                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    241191173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    241191173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    241191173                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    241191173                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        36995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21088                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21088                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        58083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        58083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.073821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018731                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018731                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76237.732234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76209.816551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83701.681013                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83701.681013                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77181.175360                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77156.485285                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77181.175360                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77156.485285                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          602                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              602                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1353                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1353                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     95076146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95076146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30796846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30796846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125872992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125872992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125872992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125872992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3328430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3328430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7327770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7327770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10656200                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10656200                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018304                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018304                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68597.507937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68597.507937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79784.575130                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79784.575130                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71034.419865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71034.419865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71034.419865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71034.419865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  827318                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           48901                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        48901                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7282                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35432                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21387                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       201840                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                227082                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              48901                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21387                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                69693                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27651                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1667                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        166844                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           23                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          399                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35083                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4432                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             31                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       460513                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.941548                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.416973                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          392553     85.24%     85.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3055      0.66%     85.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2832      0.61%     86.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3794      0.82%     87.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6176      1.34%     88.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4067      0.88%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6311      1.37%     90.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3211      0.70%     91.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           38514      8.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       460513                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.059108                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.274480                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          197021                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       177996                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            63654                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1782                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20047                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        417199                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20047                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          202364                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         106813                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        58408                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60022                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12846                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        396936                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2914                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7912                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          131                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       435672                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       992360                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       992270                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284853                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          150808                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1312                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1316                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36766                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49573                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30107                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2252                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1100                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            367868                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2092                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           334576                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1469                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       108002                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       152546                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          940                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       460513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.726529                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.495926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       337753     73.34%     73.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        40293      8.75%     82.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        26136      5.68%     87.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        19806      4.30%     92.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14741      3.20%     95.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10712      2.33%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         7930      1.72%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2647      0.57%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          495      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       460513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            881     51.19%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           430     24.99%     76.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          410     23.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4122      1.23%      1.23% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       259126     77.45%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        44862     13.41%     92.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26456      7.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        334576                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.404410                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1721                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005144                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1133704                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       478064                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       319453                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        332161                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5559                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16393                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          109                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8973                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20047                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          93984                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          972                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       369960                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5936                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49573                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30107                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1715                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           506                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1795                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6577                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8372                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       324772                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42650                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9804                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68041                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33806                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25391                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.392560                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                320223                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               319462                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           208290                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           339447                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.386142                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613616                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       116630                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7334                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       440614                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.574948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.539614                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       355546     80.69%     80.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30396      6.90%     87.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16284      3.70%     91.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13317      3.02%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8086      1.84%     96.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3479      0.79%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2273      0.52%     97.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2826      0.64%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8407      1.91%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       440614                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133929                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54310                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33177                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27953                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251281                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8407                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              801965                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             760187                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2443                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 366805                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                2365                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.177288                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.177288                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.161883                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.161883                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          644706                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         348898                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         139569                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003924                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003923684701                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975426463110                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  42135                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    81236                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             6081504666                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4550260                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3289.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   138594808                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     267210630                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           611456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        12480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       467776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1444352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             3601600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       467776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         467776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1832768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          1832768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              9554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         7309                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        22568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                56275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          28637                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               28637                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               30567                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        23384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        72203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 180045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        23384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             23384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            91620                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 91620                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            91620                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              30567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        23384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        72203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                271665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    28953                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.960840                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       8649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    28968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.298571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.956066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.000298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.934754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.935052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           2736                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              2736                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           335                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              335                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            3071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               3071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           3071                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              3071                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        15991                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           16251                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        18334                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          34974                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         34325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            51225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        34325                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           51225                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11370000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet    651099876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    662469876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2931145920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1197634000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4128779920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2942515920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1848733876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4791249796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2942515920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1848733876                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4791249796                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        18727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         18987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        18669                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35309                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        37396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          54296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        37396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         54296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.855901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.982056                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.990512                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.943440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.943440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43730.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40716.645363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40764.868377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176150.596154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 65323.115523                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118052.836965                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174113.368047                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 53859.690488                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93533.426959                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174113.368047                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 53859.690488                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93533.426959                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21709000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1894                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11461.985216                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          26086                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               26086                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        15991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        18334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34974                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        34325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        34325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      8072900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    452058600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    460131500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2730594900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    970723600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3701318500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2738667800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1422782200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4161450000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2738667800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1422782200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4161450000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.855901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.982056                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990512                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 31049.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28269.564130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28314.042213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164098.251202                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 52946.634668                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105830.574141                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162051.349112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41450.319009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81238.653001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162051.349112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41450.319009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81238.653001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        344788                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4020.369876                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         4977582                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        348834                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         14.269200                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          664.585839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.015803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.000300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.192450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.919394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2453.520949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    867.135106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.162252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.599004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.211703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.981536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       764158                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38641                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3493176                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       363052                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                4659027                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          336481                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               336481                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14906                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               14906                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        90285                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                90285                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       764158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3493176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       453337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 4749312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       764158                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38641                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3493176                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       453337                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                4749312                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2318                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       210333                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       106217                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               319491                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        13554                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             13554                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        29404                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              29404                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       210333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       135621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                348895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2318                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          623                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       210333                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       135621                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               348895                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     64814242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     19687890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5088103479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3735473204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     8908078815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    349300484                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    349300484                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1810207646                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1810207646                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     64814242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     19687890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5088103479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5545680850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     10718286461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     64814242                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     19687890                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5088103479                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5545680850                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    10718286461                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       766476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3703509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       469269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            4978518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       336481                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           336481                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        28460                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           28460                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       119689                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           119689                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       766476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3703509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       588958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             5098207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       766476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3703509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       588958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            5098207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.015867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.226346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.064174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.476247                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.476247                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.245670                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.245670                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.015867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.230273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.068435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.015867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.230273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.068435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 27961.277826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31601.749599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24190.704640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35168.317727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27882.096256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25771.025823                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25771.025823                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61563.312679                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61563.312679                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 27961.277826                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31601.749599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24190.704640                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40891.018721                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30720.665131                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 27961.277826                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31601.749599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24190.704640                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40891.018721                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30720.665131                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks               56274                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                    56274                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       210332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       106200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          319473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        13554                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        13554                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        29404                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         29404                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       210332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       135604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           348877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       210332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       135604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          348877                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     52369306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     16270304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3887817811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3143242746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7099700167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    878969268                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    878969268                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1645827793                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1645827793                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     52369306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     16270304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3887817811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4789070539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8745527960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     52369306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     16270304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3887817811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4789070539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8745527960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3405891117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3405891117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4962385320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4962385320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8368276437                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8368276437                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.015867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.226309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.476247                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.476247                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.245670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.245670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.015867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.230244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.068431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.015867                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.230244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22592.452977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26116.057785                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18484.195515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29597.389322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22223.161791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64849.436919                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64849.436919                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55972.921813                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55972.921813                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22592.452977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26116.057785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18484.195515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35316.587556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25067.654102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22592.452977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26116.057785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18484.195515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35316.587556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25067.654102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                          6378                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     29930.576583                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          326890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         36891                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          8.860969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10058.601512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.004338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.193662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                     2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data                     1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   154.300644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    52.186024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   8734.007620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  10926.282783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.306964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.266541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.333444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.913409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2123                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          550                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       203022                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        77630                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 283325                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks           56274                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                56274                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          105                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 105                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        13538                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                13538                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       203022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        91168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  296863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2123                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          550                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       203022                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        91168                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 296863                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          195                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7310                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        28570                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                36148                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        16433                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16433                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        12882                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              12882                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        41452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 49030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          195                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7310                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        41452                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                49030                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18282104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6836100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    684238087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1706132139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2415488430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    263262563                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    263262563                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1109102633                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1109102633                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18282104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6836100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    684238087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2815234772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      3524591063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18282104                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6836100                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    684238087                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2815234772                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     3524591063                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       210332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       106200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             319473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        56274                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total            56274                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16538                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           16538                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        26420                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            26420                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       210332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       132620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              345893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       210332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       132620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             345893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.117175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.269021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.113149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993651                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.993651                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.487585                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.487585                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.117175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.312562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.141749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.117175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.312562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.141749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93754.379487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93645.205479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93603.021477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59717.610746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66822.187396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16020.359216                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16020.359216                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86097.083760                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86097.083760                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93754.379487                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93645.205479                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93603.021477                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67915.535366                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71886.417765                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93754.379487                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93645.205479                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93603.021477                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67915.535366                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71886.417765                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks                2551                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                     2551                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        16433                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16433                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12882                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         12882                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            49030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           49030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15552924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5812188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    581241253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1304169511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1906775876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    875819121                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    875819121                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    924539101                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    924539101                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15552924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5812188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    581241253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2228708612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2831314977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15552924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5812188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    581241253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2228708612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2831314977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3035478157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3035478157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4408945700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4408945700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7444423857                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7444423857                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.117175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.269021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993651                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993651                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.487585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.487585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.117175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.312562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.141749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.117175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.312562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79758.584615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79619.013699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79513.167305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45648.215296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52749.138984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53296.362259                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53296.362259                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71769.841717                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71769.841717                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79758.584615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79619.013699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79513.167305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53766.009167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57746.583255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79758.584615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79619.013699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79513.167305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53766.009167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57746.583255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       300156                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       377615                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       4332                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       3651                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  2505                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  3646                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  271055                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      7983                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                      677771                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           399                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   120039                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   151016                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            217                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            183                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                7762                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               3703511                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                10027821                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               3704023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.707278                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10023045                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       10023045                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10023045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        10023045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10023045                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       10023045                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3852684                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3852684                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3852684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       3852684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3852684                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      3852684                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  48388289275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48388289275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  48388289275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  48388289275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  48388289275                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  48388289275                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13875729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13875729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13875729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     13875729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13875729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     13875729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.277656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.277656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.277656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.277656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.277656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.277656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12559.630968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12559.630968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12559.630968                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12559.630968                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12559.630968                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12559.630968                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       117463                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 39154.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       149169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       149169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       149169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       149169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       149169                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       149169                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3703515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3703515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3703515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3703515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3703515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3703515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33624307431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33624307431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33624307431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33624307431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33624307431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33624307431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9079.025583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9079.025583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9079.025583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9079.025583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9079.025583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9079.025583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        39321                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999828                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         53188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        39337                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.352111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972580809300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        52811                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        52811                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        52811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        52811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        52811                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        52811                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39524                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        39524                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        39524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39524                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        39524                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    708721912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    708721912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    708721912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    708721912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    708721912                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    708721912                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        92335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        92335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        92335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.428050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.428050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.428050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.428050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.428050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.428050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17931.431839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17931.431839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17931.431839                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17931.431839                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17931.431839                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17931.431839                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           46                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           46                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    587985266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    587985266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    587985266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    587985266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    587985266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    587985266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.428050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.428050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.428050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14876.663951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14876.663951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14876.663951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14876.663951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14876.663951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14876.663951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       766793                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         48718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       766809                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.063533                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        48153                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        48153                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        48153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        48153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        48153                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        48153                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       767036                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       767036                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       767036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       767036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       767036                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       767036                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12085147970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12085147970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12085147970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  12085147970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12085147970                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  12085147970                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       815189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       815189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       815189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       815189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       815189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       815189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.940930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.940930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.940930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.940930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.940930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.940930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15755.646371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15755.646371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15755.646371                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15755.646371                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15755.646371                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15755.646371                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          166                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          166                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       767036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       767036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       767036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       767036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       767036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       767036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9745233156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9745233156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9745233156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9745233156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9745233156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9745233156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.940930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.940930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.940930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.940930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.940930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.940930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12705.053160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12705.053160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12705.053160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12705.053160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12705.053160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12705.053160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                580205                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               501.138452                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                29324165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                580709                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 50.497177                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   501.138452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.978786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.978786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     18365446                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       18365446                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     10919180                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      10919180                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     29284626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        29284626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     29284626                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       29284626                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       726408                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       726408                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       149049                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       149049                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       875457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        875457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       875457                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       875457                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18147773866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18147773866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4711307364                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4711307364                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22859081230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22859081230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22859081230                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22859081230                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19091854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19091854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11068229                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     11068229                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     30160083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     30160083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     30160083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     30160083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013466                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013466                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24982.893726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24982.893726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31609.117565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31609.117565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26111.026847                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26111.026847                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26111.026847                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26111.026847                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       336269                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           336269                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       256800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       256800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1397                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1397                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       258197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       258197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       258197                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       258197                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       469608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       469608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       147652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       147652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       617260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       617260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       617260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       617260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9194210103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9194210103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4156611968                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4156611968                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13350822071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13350822071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13350822071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13350822071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3554102251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3554102251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5164957431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5164957431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8719059682                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8719059682                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013340                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013340                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19578.478439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19578.478439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28151.409856                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28151.409856                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21629.170967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21629.170967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21629.170967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21629.170967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               228833890                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        17565471                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17565471                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2413564                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     15191087                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits         9101517                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    114594341                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              83924796                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           17565471                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      9101517                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             28070368                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        8131869                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            355226                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      49999018                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       163234                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        79613                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         13875731                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1693308                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          17087                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    198831168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.824946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.267892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       171569700     86.29%     86.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         2592429      1.30%     87.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1288765      0.65%     88.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2040537      1.03%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         1692468      0.85%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1940163      0.98%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1964164      0.99%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1465840      0.74%     92.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        14277102      7.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    198831168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.076761                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.366750                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       112897294                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     53783541                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         26111599                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       469403                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       5569331                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     160479316                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           91                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       5569331                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       114469034                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        7437138                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     43695714                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         25023618                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      2636333                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     155457892                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        13925                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        161311                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      1300517                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5563                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    170944252                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    387988036                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    385157054                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      2830982                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    130679873                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        40264489                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1025788                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1046470                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         10030465                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22871025                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     13851089                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1735124                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1047480                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         148178204                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1308460                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        140085905                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       278496                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     28664313                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40283969                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       340517                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    198831168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.704547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.455110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    145399746     73.13%     73.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18449651      9.28%     82.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12370524      6.22%     88.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7999186      4.02%     92.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6108390      3.07%     95.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4313773      2.17%     97.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2697006      1.36%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1229949      0.62%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       262943      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    198831168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         279802     34.15%     34.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     34.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     34.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        26904      3.28%     37.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     37.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     37.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     37.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     37.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     37.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     37.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     37.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     37.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     37.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     37.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     37.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     37.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     37.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     37.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     37.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        294095     35.90%     73.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       218481     26.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1229543      0.88%      0.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103549782     73.92%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       744383      0.53%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21648859     15.45%     90.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     12913338      9.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     140085905                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.612173                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             819282                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005848                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    478481967                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    176724389                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    135127941                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1879426                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1452707                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       850228                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     138728753                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         946891                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1877654                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4834936                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        30038                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        27056                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2745812                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        46523                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       5569331                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        6077409                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        75186                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149486664                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1390277                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22871025                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     13851089                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1180250                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         28666                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         6118                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        27056                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       957831                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1735896                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2693727                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    137638680                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     21037177                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2447225                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            33656977                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        13886551                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          12619800                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.601479                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             136227108                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            135978169                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         87651260                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        136101337                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.594222                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644015                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     31782287                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       967943                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2420045                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    193364750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.607771                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.542254                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    152783736     79.01%     79.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14655462      7.58%     86.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7297773      3.77%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7454878      3.86%     94.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3794822      1.96%     96.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1574336      0.81%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1262327      0.65%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1050462      0.54%     98.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3490954      1.81%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    193364750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     61024417                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     117521438                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              29141380                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             18036100                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             101532                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          12289914                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            697469                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        116377208                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      3490954                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           338902563                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          304192711                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                1667017                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               30002722                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59841332656                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           61024417                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            117521438                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     61024417                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.749874                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.749874                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.266676                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.266676                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       270792936                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      147356582                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          1492315                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          800715                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       63412779                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        986417                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          592735                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       258680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        65424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       816141880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       139188529                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          956253032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    816141880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     816141880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet       515276                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     92617076                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        96093760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            19281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        32335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         8178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        102017735                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         21855669                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           123933921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           18244                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        13602916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           13667432                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              29631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           40799090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            6958061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              47803273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      40799090                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         40799090                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             25759                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           4629945                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              4803746                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             55390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        12931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          40799090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          11588007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             52607019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      377615                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      300156                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      3651                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      4332                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 2731                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 4327                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 271055                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     7983                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                     677771                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          399                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  151016                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  120039                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           183                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           217                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               6859                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60072371100                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  76488448                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   147763704                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           146529817                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               486964                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     10018841                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  146529817                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      486964                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         374873679                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        165769944                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             811908                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            396903                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    35512744                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  21875933                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 13636811                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59899594860.531677                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             172776239.468328                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.002876                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.997124                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
