
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  71875                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   127609                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               40059771                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490152                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      520072                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        923352                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        67392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              286848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1973                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1053                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6182192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    435623713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    232494561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              989592236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    435623713                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         436286091                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6182192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    435623713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    232494561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1296935473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.266490                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083046891000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.266490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.579156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.579156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       922000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       922000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    245767824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    245767824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246689824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    246689824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246689824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    246689824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41909.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41909.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174551.011364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174551.011364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172510.366434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172510.366434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172510.366434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172510.366434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1675700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 159                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10538.993711                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       653800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       653800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    228802992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228802992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229456792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229456792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229456792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229456792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29718.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29718.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162502.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162502.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160459.295105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160459.295105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160459.295105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160459.295105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           179                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1810.241360                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              42                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           179                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.234637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          113.473764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.994977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.374151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.747688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1230.824424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    428.826457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.027704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.300494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.104694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.441953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2416                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           76                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1923                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          527                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4945                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             726                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  726                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          108                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  108                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           76                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2416                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           76                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1923                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          635                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5053                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          723                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2772                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          344                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                347                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1067                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3119                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2978862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205595224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     75683455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      284663227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35279668                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     35279668                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2978862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205595224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110963123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       319942895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2978862                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405686                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205595224                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110963123                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      319942895                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          726                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              726                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          452                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              455                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.050000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.510313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.578400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.359207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.761062                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.762637                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.050000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.510313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.626910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.381669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.050000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.510313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.626910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.381669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106387.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101421.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102592.427146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104679.744122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102692.361833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102557.174419                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101670.512968                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106387.928571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101421.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102592.427146                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103995.429241                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102578.677461                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106387.928571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101421.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102592.427146                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103995.429241                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102578.677461                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  14                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       14                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          344                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           344                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2826562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194531163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     71743191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    269484202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33376568                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33376568                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2826562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194531163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105119759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    302860770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2826562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194531163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105119759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    302860770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3818940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3818940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7499972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7499972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11318912                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11318912                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.050000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.510313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.578400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.761062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.756044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.050000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.510313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.626910                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.379711                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.050000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.510313                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.626910                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.379711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100948.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95821.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97071.438623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99229.863071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97674.592968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97024.906977                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97024.906977                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100948.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95821.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97071.438623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98518.986879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97602.568482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100948.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95821.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97071.438623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98518.986879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97602.568482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1746.291888                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            3.624870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.838735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.747883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1259.623003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    444.457540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     43                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              14                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   14                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      43                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     43                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1973                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          711                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2729                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          342                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                345                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1973                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1053                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3074                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2728784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187343417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69055887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      259498174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32040465                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32040465                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2728784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187343417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101096352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       291538639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2728784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187343417                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101096352                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      291538639                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           14                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               14                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          342                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              345                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.983402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.984488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.986205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.986205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 97456.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94953.581855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97125.016878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95089.107365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93685.570175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92870.913043                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 97456.571429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94953.581855                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96007.931624                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94840.155823                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 97456.571429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94953.581855                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96007.931624                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94840.155823                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          342                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           342                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2340703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159608432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     59167664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    221430399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27168815                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27168815                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2340703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159608432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86336479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    248599214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2340703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159608432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86336479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    248599214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.983402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.979798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.981072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83596.535714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80896.316270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83217.530239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81528.129234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79440.979532                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79440.979532                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83596.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80896.316270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81990.958215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81294.706998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83596.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80896.316270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81990.958215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81294.706998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3418                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               458.169550                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17889                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3418                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.233762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083050104300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   457.872285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.894282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.894862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21431                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          21448                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           21448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21431                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          21448                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4571                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4574                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4571                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4574                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294142262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    294142262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294142262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    294142262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294142262                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    294142262                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        26022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        26022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        26022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.175774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.175774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.175774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64349.652592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64307.446874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64349.652592                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64307.446874                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64349.652592                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64307.446874                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          644                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          644                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230044589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230044589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230044589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230044589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230044589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230044589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.151027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.151027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.151027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58580.236567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58580.236567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58580.236567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58580.236567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58580.236567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58580.236567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           76                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.083006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           76                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.868421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.340110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.742896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.083757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.546431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.630188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          236                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          236                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          236                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          236                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           87                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           87                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1463951                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1463951                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1463951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1463951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1463951                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1463951                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.253165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.269350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.253165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.269350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.253165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.269350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18299.387500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16827.022989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18299.387500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16827.022989                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18299.387500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16827.022989                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           80                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           80                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           80                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1212285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1212285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1212285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1212285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1212285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1212285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.253165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.253165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.253165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15153.562500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15153.562500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15153.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15153.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15153.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15153.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2435                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.109510                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2435                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.097331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.018873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          311                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          311                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          311                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          311                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2445                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2451                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2445                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2451                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32425816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32425816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32425816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     32425816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32425816                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     32425816                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.887155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.887400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.887155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.887400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.887155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.887400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13262.092434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13229.627091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13262.092434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13229.627091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13262.092434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13229.627091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24919672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24919672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24919672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24919672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24919672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24919672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.887155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.887155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.887155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10192.094888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10192.094888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10192.094888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10192.094888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10192.094888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10192.094888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1218                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               379.298884                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   31435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1218                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 25.808703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.997968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   378.300916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.738869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.740818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27617                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27618                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16278                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16282                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43895                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43900                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2164                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2164                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          465                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          468                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2629                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2632                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    152149966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    152149966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     39982521                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     39982521                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    192132487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    192132487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    192132487                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    192132487                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16743                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16750                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.072661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027773                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70309.596118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70309.596118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85983.916129                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85432.737179                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73081.965386                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72998.665274                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73081.965386                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72998.665274                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          726                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              726                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          925                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          925                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          453                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          453                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84731767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84731767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37242460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37242460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    121974227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    121974227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    121974227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    121974227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3989772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3989772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7785450                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7785450                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11775222                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11775222                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027056                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67731.228617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67731.228617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82212.935982                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82212.935982                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71581.119131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71581.119131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71581.119131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71581.119131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  771831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38623                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38623                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6267                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        29215                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15182                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       174110                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                187270                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38623                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15182                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                54782                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24570                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1650                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        168377                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           39                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          412                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            26002                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3861                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             28                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       417439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.827441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.293359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          363764     87.14%     87.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2577      0.62%     87.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1971      0.47%     88.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2889      0.69%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3969      0.95%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3816      0.91%     90.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5179      1.24%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2002      0.48%     92.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           31272      7.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       417439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050041                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.242631                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          170063                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       177697                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            49257                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2347                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18069                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        331755                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18069                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          174393                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         109959                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        55804                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            47234                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11975                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        315107                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          122                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8110                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          124                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       345316                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       780230                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       780140                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       212526                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          132787                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          986                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          996                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            30452                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        40645                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        25480                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2130                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1178                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            293188                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1631                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           261972                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1545                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        97606                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       140147                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          815                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       417439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.627570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.404099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       320482     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        32103      7.69%     84.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20417      4.89%     89.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16304      3.91%     93.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11394      2.73%     95.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8794      2.11%     98.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5493      1.32%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1997      0.48%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          455      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       417439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            524     40.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           418     31.91%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          368     28.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2897      1.11%      1.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       201018     76.73%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        36100     13.78%     91.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21947      8.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        261972                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.339416                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1310                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005001                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       945116                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       392517                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       249308                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        260371                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4333                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15237                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          107                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          146                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8660                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           34                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18069                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          97228                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          724                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       294819                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4592                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        40645                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        25480                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           297                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           80                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          146                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1165                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6235                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7400                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       254306                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        34184                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7666                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               55150                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25766                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20966                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.329484                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                250103                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               249317                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           161770                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           253935                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.323020                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637053                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       105336                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          816                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6322                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       399430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.474318                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.396147                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       334021     83.62%     83.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24346      6.10%     89.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12491      3.13%     92.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         9988      2.50%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5924      1.48%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3010      0.75%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1660      0.42%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2461      0.62%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5529      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       399430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       104338                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        189457                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 42219                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25407                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20623                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           187619                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5529                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              688566                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             607784                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2452                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 354392                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               98601                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             104338                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               189457                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       104338                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.397410                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.397410                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.135182                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.135182                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          489129                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         270909                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         111551                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           662                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.048995                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60048995046849                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65132502671628                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  43375                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    83645                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1670573195                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4753616                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 35945.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1559110690                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3006628796                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3407808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           100928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       165568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        36800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      2691392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     54207808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            60610304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2691392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        2691392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     39857920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         39857920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        53247                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2587                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        42053                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       846997                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               947036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         622780                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              622780                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        56750                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        44820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       902726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                1009348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        44820                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             44820                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           663757                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                663757                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           663757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        56750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        44820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       902726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1673104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   282717                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.885707                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        940                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   282732                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.003325                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.053077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.832629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.003317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.927039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.930357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            184                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               184                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            58                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               58                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet             242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet            242                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total               242                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       405581                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          409111                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        22530                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          73730                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        428111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           482841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       428111                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          482841                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    508459664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet  46791433037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47299892701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8917231600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    966056000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9883287600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9425691264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  47757489037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  57183180301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9425691264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  47757489037                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  57183180301                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       405765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        409295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        22588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       428353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         483083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       428353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        483083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997432                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999214                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 144039.564873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 115368.898043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115616.281892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174164.679688                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 42878.650688                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134047.031059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172221.656569                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111553.987253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118430.664134                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172221.656569                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111553.987253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118430.664134                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    402927420                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               47214                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8534.066590                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          55344                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               55344                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       405581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       409111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        22530                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        73730                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       428111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       482841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       428111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       482841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    465770884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  41899163600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42364934484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8300101400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    682408300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8982509700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8765872284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42581571900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51347444184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8765872284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42581571900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51347444184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997432                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999214                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 131946.426062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 103306.524714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103553.643104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162111.355469                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 30288.872614                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121829.780279                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160165.764371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99463.858439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106344.416038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160165.764371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99463.858439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106344.416038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          800                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3276800                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          800                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       6580192                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4026.034338                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        50536960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       6584234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          7.675450                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  8112600003592                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1455.253554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.032285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   136.223271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.516082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1035.626088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1397.382992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.355287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.033258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.252838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.341158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.982919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20631050                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       326522                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11664639                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8384129                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               41006340                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        10948829                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             10948829                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1043049                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1043049                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1965160                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1965160                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20631050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       326522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11664639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     10349289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                42971500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20631050                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       326522                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11664639                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     10349289                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               42971500                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       129693                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4334                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1158997                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3859653                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              5152677                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       102302                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            102302                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1693818                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1693818                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       129693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1158997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5553471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               6846495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       129693                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4334                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1158997                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5553471                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              6846495                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2940234719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    140548219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  28612787007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 131077848858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   162771418803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2435715184                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2435715184                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  85510423887                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  85510423887                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2940234719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    140548219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  28612787007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 216588272745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    248281842690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2940234719                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    140548219                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  28612787007                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 216588272745                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   248281842690                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20760743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       330856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12823636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12243782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           46159017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     10948829                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         10948829                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1145351                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1145351                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3658978                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3658978                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20760743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       330856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12823636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15902760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            49817995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20760743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       330856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12823636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15902760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           49817995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.315234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.111629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089319                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.089319                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.462921                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.462921                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.349214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.137430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.349214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.137430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22670.727942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32429.215275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24687.541906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33961.044907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31589.680239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23809.067115                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23809.067115                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50483.832317                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50483.832317                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22670.727942                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32429.215275                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24687.541906                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39000.522870                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36264.080042                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22670.727942                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32429.215275                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24687.541906                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39000.522870                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36264.080042                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             4042207                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  4042207                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       129693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1158989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3859653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5152668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       102302                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       102302                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1693818                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1693818                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       129693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1158989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5553471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          6846486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       129693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1158989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5553471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         6846486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2248006783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    117117651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22022487975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 109710033467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 134097645876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8912389635                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8912389635                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  75914299386                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  75914299386                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2248006783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    117117651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22022487975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 185624332853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 210011945262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2248006783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    117117651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22022487975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 185624332853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 210011945262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8464045776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8464045776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11705767143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11705767143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  20169812919                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  20169812919                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.315234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089319                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089319                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.462921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.462921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006247                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.349214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.137430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006247                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.013096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.349214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17333.293108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27029.229402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19001.464186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28424.843753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26024.895428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87118.430089                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87118.430089                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44818.451207                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44818.451207                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17333.293108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27029.229402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19001.464186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33424.921613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30674.413891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17333.293108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27029.229402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19001.464186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33424.921613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30674.413891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        863564                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32092.460702                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         8293800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        895841                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          9.258116                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        17562.025485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        1.196664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.179103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.223497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   135.274805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    22.076884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2324.392185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  12047.092079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.535950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.070935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.367648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.979384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       127106                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3758                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1116935                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3314934                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                4562733                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         4042207                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              4042207                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          292                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 292                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1075325                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1075325                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       127106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1116935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      4390259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 5638058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       127106                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3758                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1116935                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      4390259                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                5638058                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2587                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          575                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        42054                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       544719                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               589935                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       361670                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            361670                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       358833                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             358833                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        42054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       903552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                948768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2587                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          575                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        42054                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       903552                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               948768                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    239903461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     53421403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3936329404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  50394564384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    54624218652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    728268392                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    728268392                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33143192267                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  33143192267                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    239903461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     53421403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3936329404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  83537756651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     87767410919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    239903461                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     53421403                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3936329404                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  83537756651                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    87767410919                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       129693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1158989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3859653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            5152668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      4042207                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          4042207                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       361962                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          361962                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1434158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1434158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       129693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1158989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5293811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             6586826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       129693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1158989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5293811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            6586826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.132703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.141132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.114491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999193                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.999193                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.250205                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.250205                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.132703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.170681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.144040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.132703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.170681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.144040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92734.233089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92906.787826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93601.783516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92514.790900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92593.622436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  2013.626765                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2013.626765                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92363.835731                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92363.835731                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92734.233089                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92906.787826                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93601.783516                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92454.841172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92506.714939                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92734.233089                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92906.787826                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93601.783516                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92454.841172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92506.714939                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              567436                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   567436                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        42054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       544719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          589935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       361670                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       361670                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       358833                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        358833                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        42054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       903552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           948768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        42054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       903552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          948768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    203640415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     45354843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3342848856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  42741502958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46333347072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27560029296                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27560029296                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27976257690                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27976257690                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    203640415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     45354843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3342848856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  70717760648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  74309604762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    203640415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     45354843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3342848856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  70717760648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  74309604762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7594488764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7594488764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10410557147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10410557147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  18005045911                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18005045911                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.132703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.141132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999193                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999193                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.250205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.132703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.170681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.144040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.132703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.170681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78716.820642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78877.987826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79489.438722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78465.232456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78539.749416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76202.143656                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76202.143656                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77964.562039                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77964.562039                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78716.820642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78877.987826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79489.438722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78266.398224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78322.208129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78716.820642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78877.987826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79489.438722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78266.398224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78322.208129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                     24083739                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        68316                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18631                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        334                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   120                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   260                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                 18441                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 3217647                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     18965                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                    24152055                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           316                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  3208545                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     9101                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            310                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               18485                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              12823638                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               139148838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              12824150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 10.850531                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    139140430                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      139140430                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    139140430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       139140430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    139140430                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      139140430                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13452089                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     13452089                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13452089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      13452089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13452089                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     13452089                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 206202582574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 206202582574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 206202582574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 206202582574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 206202582574                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 206202582574                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    152592519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    152592519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    152592519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    152592519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    152592519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    152592519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.088157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.088157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.088157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.088157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.088157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.088157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15328.666245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15328.666245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15328.666245                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15328.666245                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15328.666245                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15328.666245                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       650558                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets             21                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 30978.952381                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       628435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       628435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       628435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       628435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       628435                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       628435                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12823654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12823654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12823654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12823654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12823654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12823654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 153595296534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 153595296534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 153595296534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 153595296534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 153595296534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 153595296534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.084039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.084039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.084039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11977.498499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11977.498499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11977.498499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11977.498499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11977.498499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11977.498499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       330912                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.983848                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        360043                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       330928                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.087980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083924085300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.983846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.998990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.998991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       359926                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       359926                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       359926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       359926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       359926                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       359926                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       331118                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       331118                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       331118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       331118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       331118                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       331118                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6669196010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6669196010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6669196010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6669196010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6669196010                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6669196010                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       691044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       691044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       691044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       691044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       691044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       691044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.479156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.479156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.479156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.479156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.479156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.479156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20141.448094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20141.448094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20141.448094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20141.448094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20141.448094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20141.448094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         3036                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         3036                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       331118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       331118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       331118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       331118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       331118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       331118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5668051654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5668051654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5668051654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5668051654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5668051654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5668051654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.479156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.479156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.479156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.479156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.479156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.479156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17117.920663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17117.920663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17117.920663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17117.920663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17117.920663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17117.920663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     20762781                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       9217666                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     20762797                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.443951                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9217329                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      9217329                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9217329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      9217329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9217329                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      9217329                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20764258                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     20764258                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20764258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     20764258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20764258                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     20764258                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 246747406985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 246747406985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 246747406985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 246747406985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 246747406985                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 246747406985                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29981587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29981587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29981587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     29981587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29981587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     29981587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.692567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.692567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.692567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.692567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.692567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.692567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11883.275915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11883.275915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11883.275915                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11883.275915                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11883.275915                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11883.275915                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        13407                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        13407                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20764258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     20764258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20764258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     20764258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20764258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     20764258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 183860651636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 183860651636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 183860651636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 183860651636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 183860651636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 183860651636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.692567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.692567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.692567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.692567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.692567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.692567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8854.669964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8854.669964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8854.669964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8854.669964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8854.669964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8854.669964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              15881776                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.997136                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               249354608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              15882288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.700169                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.997136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    144796661                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      144796661                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    103346153                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     103346153                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    248142814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       248142814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    248142814                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      248142814                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     24482588                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     24482588                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4834436                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4834436                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     29317024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      29317024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     29317024                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     29317024                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 769950146933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 769950146933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 146694056660                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 146694056660                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 916644203593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 916644203593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 916644203593                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 916644203593                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    169279249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    169279249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    108180589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    108180589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    277459838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    277459838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    277459838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    277459838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.144628                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.144628                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044689                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.044689                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.105662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.105662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.105662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.105662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31448.887141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31448.887141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30343.571962                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30343.571962                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31266.618453                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31266.618453                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31266.618453                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31266.618453                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     10932386                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         10932386                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12233323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     12233323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        43381                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        43381                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12276704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     12276704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12276704                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     12276704                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12249265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12249265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4791055                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4791055                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17040320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17040320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17040320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17040320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 271289121189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 271289121189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 127215315850                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 127215315850                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 398504437039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 398504437039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 398504437039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 398504437039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8809931028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8809931028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12180000749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12180000749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  20989931777                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  20989931777                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044288                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044288                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22147.379552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22147.379552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26552.672814                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26552.672814                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23385.971451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23385.971451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23385.971451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23385.971451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              2435787583                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       205287103                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    205287103                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     22691227                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    130016084                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        92177764                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    811924301                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             935286497                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          205287103                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     92177764                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            310439007                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       78349904                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           9040858                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1121573576                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles      5929565                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1266805                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          316                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        152592539                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     13864439                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          83490                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2315239682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.810489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.260427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2010470046     86.84%     86.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        23778938      1.03%     87.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        15766920      0.68%     88.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        19166369      0.83%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        21885972      0.95%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        19679732      0.85%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        17430318      0.75%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        23352234      1.01%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       163709153      7.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2315239682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.084280                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.383977                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       786719019                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1173910990                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        288312363                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     11232056                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      55065254                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1846515227                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          689                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      55065254                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       820725376                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      827819711                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    225738832                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        264465436                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    121425073                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1805537899                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      1563354                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      50801937                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     59405432                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1939122                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2019394068                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4597527724                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4292249193                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    305278531                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1526289660                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       493104518                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3547449                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3653413                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        281711769                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    203015916                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    127379258                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     14647896                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     12869416                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1647284494                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      6276935                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1543369766                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     10267587                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    276263130                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    413096116                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1896933                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2315239682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.666613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.366186                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1677463076     72.45%     72.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    248545933     10.74%     83.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    154285456      6.66%     89.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     88968679      3.84%     93.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     62010593      2.68%     96.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     43775180      1.89%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     30719461      1.33%     99.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7658586      0.33%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1812718      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2315239682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        3250899     36.44%     36.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     36.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     36.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        12731      0.14%     36.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     36.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     36.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     36.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     36.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     36.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     36.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     36.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     36.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     36.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     36.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     36.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     36.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     36.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     36.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     36.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       3328830     37.31%     73.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2329051     26.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     33338508      2.16%      2.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1110677364     71.96%     74.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     90812436      5.88%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    189895486     12.30%     92.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    118645972      7.69%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1543369766                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.633622                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            8921511                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005781                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5213023741                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1781512119                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1408896684                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    216036587                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    148458947                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105703523                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1411000149                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      107952620                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     16401236                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     37397598                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       232260                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       163104                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     19913324                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       108694                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           44                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      55065254                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      643144561                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     10638111                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1653561429                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     55195164                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    203015916                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    127379258                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4212380                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       5642672                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       753625                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       163104                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      6954321                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     18369180                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     25323501                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1522127586                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    185511083                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     21242180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           302774083                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       155949088                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         117263000                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.624902                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1515767607                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1514600207                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1012490927                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1747094331                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.621811                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.579528                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    302467286                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      4380002                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     22797643                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2260496599                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.597726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.634881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1829748311     80.94%     80.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    151061288      6.68%     87.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     88649817      3.92%     91.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     62995616      2.79%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     26020572      1.15%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     16780525      0.74%     96.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     13600033      0.60%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      8899508      0.39%     97.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     62740929      2.78%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2260496599                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    676315622                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1351156869                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             273084266                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            165618329                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars            1518132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         141120509                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          91270052                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1276975341                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     62740929                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3850632911                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3363302790                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                6386342                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              120547901                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        177890272913                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          676315622                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1351156869                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    676315622                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.601555                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.601555                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.277658                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.277658                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      3073715870                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1582995186                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        184938901                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        96584257                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      601129570                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3117153                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          375724                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker     73233264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker     77634656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      9325472144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data      1861585173                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total        11338415305                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   9325472144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    9325472144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet     24391147                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data   1203329781                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total      1229535456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            20429                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker      9154158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker      9704332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst       1165684018                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data        260017768                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total          1444582902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          406900                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data       156592450                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total          157027702                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               6257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1219559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      1292855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          155297722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           31001105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             188819401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     155297722                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        155297722                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30217                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            406187                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          20039133                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             20475538                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            412444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1219559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1292855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         155297722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          51040237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            209294939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       68316                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                    24083739                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       334                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18631                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  124                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  182                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                18441                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                3217647                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    18965                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                   24152055                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          316                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    9101                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 3208545                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           310                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              13698                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180327305294                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 881731062                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                  1653589452                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses          1646811384                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               442251                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    111535272                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                 1646811384                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      442251                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        4193381613                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes       1816667560                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             717481                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            364539                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   417272106                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                 260321148                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                156950958                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             178389651392.756775                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             1937653901.243212                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.010745                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.989255                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
