
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  62021                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   110097                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               34554661                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490116                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      520269                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        923558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        68864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              288704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1977                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1076                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4511                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    436506883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    237572790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              995995220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    436506883                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         437169261                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    436506883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    237572790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1303338458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.295693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083046362000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.295693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.580981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.580981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246345824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    246345824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247300824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    247300824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247300824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    247300824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43409.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43409.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174961.522727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174961.522727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172937.639161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172937.639161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172937.639161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172937.639161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1767400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11329.487179                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       675600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       675600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229380992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229380992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230056592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230056592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230056592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230056592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30709.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30709.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162912.636364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162912.636364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160878.735664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160878.735664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160878.735664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160878.735664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           172                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1798.187691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              23                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.133721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           96.292851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.990526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.290840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.751273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1235.520644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    428.341658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.023509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.301641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.104576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.439011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2418                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1929                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          376                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4806                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             545                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  545                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           59                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   59                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2418                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1929                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          435                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4865                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2000                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          734                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2782                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          355                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                358                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2000                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1089                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3140                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3170359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205778272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     76933613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      286287930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36433133                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     36433133                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3170359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205778272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    113366746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       322721063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3170359                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405686                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205778272                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    113366746                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      322721063                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           84                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          545                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              545                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          414                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              417                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           84                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           84                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.047619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.509035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.661261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.366632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.857488                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.858513                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.047619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.509035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.714567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.392255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.047619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.509035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.714567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.392255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102269.645161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101421.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102889.136000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104814.186649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102907.235802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102628.543662                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101768.527933                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102269.645161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101421.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102889.136000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104101.695133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102777.408599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102269.645161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101421.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102889.136000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104101.695133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102777.408599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   9                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        9                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          355                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           355                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3000959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194739007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     72934288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    271057540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34471133                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34471133                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3000959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194739007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107405421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    305528673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3000959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194739007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107405421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    305528673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3819640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3819640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7503240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7503240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11322880                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11322880                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.047619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.509035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.661261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.857488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.851319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.047619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.509035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.714567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.390256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.047619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.509035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.714567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.390256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96805.129032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95821.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97369.503500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99365.514986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97890.046948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97101.783099                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97101.783099                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96805.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95821.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97369.503500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98627.567493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97800.471511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96805.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95821.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97369.503500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98627.567493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97800.471511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1747.860003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            1.435474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.863972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.751467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1261.773764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    445.035467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     35                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               9                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    9                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     35                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1977                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          723                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2747                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          353                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                356                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1977                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1076                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3103                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2882881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187681906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     70302178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      261237051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33096119                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     33096119                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2882881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187681906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103398297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       294333170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2882881                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187681906                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103398297                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      294333170                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            9                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                9                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          353                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              356                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.985014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.987419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.988846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.988846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96096.033333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94932.678806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97236.760719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95099.035675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93756.711048                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92966.626404                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96096.033333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94932.678806                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96095.071561                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94854.389301                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96096.033333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94932.678806                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96095.071561                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94854.389301                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          353                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           353                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2465616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159894970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     60230733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    222904919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28083755                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28083755                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2465616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159894970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88314488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    250988674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2465616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159894970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88314488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    250988674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.985014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.983748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82187.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80877.577137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83306.684647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81530.694587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79557.379603                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79557.379603                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82187.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80877.577137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82076.661710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81305.045028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82187.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80877.577137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82076.661710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81305.045028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3420                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               458.302251                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3420                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.138304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083049575300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   458.004975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.894541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.895122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21140                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          21157                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           21157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21140                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          21157                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4569                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4572                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4569                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4572                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293710029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    293710029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293710029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    293710029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293710029                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    293710029                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.177698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.177698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.177698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64283.219304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64241.038714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64283.219304                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64241.038714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64283.219304                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64241.038714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          640                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          640                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229697517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229697517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229697517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229697517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229697517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229697517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.152826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152707                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.152826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.152826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58462.081191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58462.081191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58462.081191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58462.081191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58462.081191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58462.081191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           80                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.087508                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           80                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.712500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.339420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.748088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.083714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.546756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.630469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          238                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          238                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          238                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          238                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           84                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           84                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           84                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           91                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1482559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1482559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1482559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1482559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1482559                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1482559                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.260870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.276596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.260870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.276596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.260870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.276596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17649.511905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16291.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17649.511905                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16291.857143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17649.511905                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16291.857143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           84                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           84                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           84                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1216645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1216645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1216645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1216645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1216645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1216645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.260870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.260870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.260870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14483.869048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14483.869048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14483.869048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14483.869048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14483.869048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14483.869048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2440                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.111540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.095082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.020903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          309                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          309                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2450                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2456                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2450                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2456                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32305102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32305102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32305102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     32305102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32305102                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     32305102                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.888246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.888246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.888246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13185.755918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13153.543160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13185.755918                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13153.543160                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13185.755918                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13153.543160                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24779429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24779429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24779429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24779429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24779429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24779429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.886076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.886076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.888003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.886076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10114.052653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10114.052653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10114.052653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10114.052653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10114.052653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10114.052653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1013                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               419.291587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   21224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1013                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 20.951629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5083128780300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      2.999929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   416.291658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.005859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.813070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.818929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27678                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27679                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16395                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16399                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        44073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           44078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        44073                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          44078                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1929                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1929                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          427                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          430                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2356                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2359                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    149744870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149744870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     40399007                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     40399007                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    190143877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    190143877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    190143877                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    190143877                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16829                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025383                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025551                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.050800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77628.237429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77628.237429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94611.257611                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93951.179070                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80706.229626                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80603.593472                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80706.229626                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80603.593472                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          545                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              545                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          831                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          831                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83887790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83887790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37810209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37810209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    121697999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    121697999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    121697999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    121697999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3988184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3988184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7788157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7788157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11776341                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11776341                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024670                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024660                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032840                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75574.585586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75574.585586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91108.937349                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91108.937349                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79801.966557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79801.966557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79801.966557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79801.966557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  772065                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38202                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38202                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6198                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        29025                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15005                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       172607                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                185279                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38202                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15005                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                54159                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24021                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1660                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        169222                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           34                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          439                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25709                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3833                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             26                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       415701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.822341                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.287802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          362652     87.24%     87.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2507      0.60%     87.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1933      0.46%     88.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2846      0.68%     88.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3918      0.94%     89.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3759      0.90%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5078      1.22%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2062      0.50%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30946      7.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       415701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.049480                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.239978                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          168441                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       178621                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            48669                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2384                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17580                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        328658                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17580                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          172695                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         112213                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        54499                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            46763                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11946                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        312479                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          109                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8303                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       342151                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       773461                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       773371                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       212659                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          129489                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          976                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          980                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            30055                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        40223                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        25233                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2091                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1175                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            290509                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1588                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           260483                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1438                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        94446                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       135680                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          772                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       415701                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.626611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.404088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       319435     76.84%     76.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        31824      7.66%     84.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20146      4.85%     89.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16269      3.91%     93.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11418      2.75%     96.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8686      2.09%     98.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5455      1.31%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2016      0.48%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          452      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       415701                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            508     40.19%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           395     31.25%     71.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          361     28.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2938      1.13%      1.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       199828     76.71%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35850     13.76%     91.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21857      8.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        260483                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.337385                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1264                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004853                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       940245                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       386644                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       248001                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        258795                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4279                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14726                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          155                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8334                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           38                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17580                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          99554                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          719                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       292097                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4651                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        40223                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        25233                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           264                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           99                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          155                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1133                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6177                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7310                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       252836                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        33957                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7647                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54825                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25595                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20868                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.327480                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                248787                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               248010                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           160546                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           251642                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.321229                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637994                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       102412                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          816                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6257                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       398181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.476324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.394906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       332497     83.50%     83.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24487      6.15%     89.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12459      3.13%     92.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10123      2.54%     95.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6003      1.51%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3061      0.77%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1689      0.42%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2458      0.62%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5404      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       398181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       104535                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        189663                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 42387                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25496                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20630                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           187826                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5404                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              684724                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             601870                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2403                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 356364                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               98367                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             104535                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               189663                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       104535                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.385708                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.385708                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.135397                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.135397                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          486899                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         269527                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         110760                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           662                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.008994                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60008993657946                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65092501282725                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  43848                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    85702                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            11969536346                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4547388                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5013.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   219829897                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     429663292                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3432512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            51840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        19392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       611520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      4670080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             8791488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       611520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         611520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4469632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          4469632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        53633                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               810                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         9555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        72970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               137367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          69838                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               69838                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        57200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        10190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        77823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 146503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        10190                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             10190                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            74483                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 74483                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            74483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        57200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        10190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        77823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                220986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    71319                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.902250                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    71334                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001486                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.303992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.598258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.018999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.912391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.931391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             22                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                22                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             25                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                25                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        41733                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           45263                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         2966                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          54166                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         44699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            99429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        44699                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           99429                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    508156664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4829290452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5337447116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8969644600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    155248000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9124892600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9477801264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   4984538452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  14462339716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9477801264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   4984538452                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  14462339716                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        41755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         45285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         2969                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        44724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          99454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        44724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         99454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.998990                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 143953.729178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 115718.746603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117920.754612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175188.371094                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 52342.548887                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168461.629066                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173173.785200                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111513.422045                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145453.939153                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173173.785200                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111513.422045                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 145453.939153                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    114783928                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               11756                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9763.859136                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          52000                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               52000                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        41733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         2966                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        54166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        44699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        99429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        44699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    465176192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4325554600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4790730792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8352517100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    118221800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8470738900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8817693292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4443776400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13261469692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8817693292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4443776400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13261469692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.998990                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999945                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 131777.958074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 103648.302303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105842.096017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163135.099609                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 39859.002023                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156384.796736                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161112.612680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99415.566344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133376.275453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161112.612680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99415.566344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133376.275453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          800                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3276800                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          800                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        346276                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3988.065314                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         4435536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        350302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         12.662034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  51254490169300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1209.524086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.015241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.032290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    71.169581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.858740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1397.257865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1303.207466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.295294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.341127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.318166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.973649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1322763                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42867                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1852500                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       558209                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                3776339                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          716543                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               716543                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        25275                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               25275                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       203799                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               203799                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1322763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1852500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       762008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 3980138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1322763                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42867                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1852500                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       762008                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                3980138                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4702                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          856                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       103457                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       171665                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               280680                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        16982                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16982                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        89028                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              89028                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       103457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       260693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                369708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4702                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          856                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       103457                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       260693                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               369708                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    123240767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     26085045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3037329175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8214244129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    11400899116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    255206794                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    255206794                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5509977469                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5509977469                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    123240767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     26085045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3037329175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13724221598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     16910876585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    123240767                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     26085045                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3037329175                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13724221598                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    16910876585                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1327465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1955957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       729874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            4057019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       716543                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           716543                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        42257                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           42257                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       292827                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           292827                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1327465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1955957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1022701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             4349846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1327465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1955957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1022701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            4349846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.052893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.235198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.069184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.401874                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.401874                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.304029                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.304029                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.052893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.254906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.084993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.052893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.254906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.084993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26210.286474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30473.183411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29358.372802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47850.430367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40618.851062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15028.076434                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15028.076434                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61890.388069                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61890.388069                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26210.286474                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30473.183411                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29358.372802                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52645.148117                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45741.170288                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26210.286474                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30473.183411                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29358.372802                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52645.148117                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45741.170288                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              152927                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   152927                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       103452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       171665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          280675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        16982                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16982                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        89028                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         89028                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       103452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       260693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           369703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       103452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       260693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          369703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     98087122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     21463397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2450432532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7264403501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9834386552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1498035572                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1498035572                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5001002203                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5001002203                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     98087122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     21463397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2450432532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12265405704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14835388755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     98087122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     21463397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2450432532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12265405704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14835388755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1471726264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1471726264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3337078444                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3337078444                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4808804708                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4808804708                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.052891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.235198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.401874                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401874                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.304029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.052891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.254906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.084992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.052891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.254906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20860.723522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25074.061916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23686.661756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42317.324446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35038.341683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88213.141679                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88213.141679                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56173.363470                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56173.363470                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20860.723522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25074.061916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23686.661756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47049.233021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40127.856022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20860.723522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25074.061916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23686.661756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47049.233021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40127.856022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                         55974                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32174.694005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          346314                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         88367                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.919042                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8201.587011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.016207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.661789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.661395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   184.954968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    54.608595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4938.613746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  18790.590296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.250293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.150715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.573443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.981894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4399                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          760                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        93896                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       116749                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 215804                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          152927                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               152927                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           66                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  66                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        43666                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                43666                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        93896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       160415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  259470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4399                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          760                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        93896                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       160415                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 259470                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          303                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9556                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        54916                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                64871                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        40710                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             40710                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        21568                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              21568                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        76484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 86439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          303                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9556                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        76484                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                86439                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28226673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8956635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    894676876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4985900395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     5917760579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78104774                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     78104774                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1997105837                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1997105837                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28226673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8956635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    894676876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6983006232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      7914866416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28226673                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8956635                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    894676876                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6983006232                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     7914866416                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       103452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       171665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             280675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       152927                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           152927                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        40776                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           40776                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        65234                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            65234                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       103452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       236899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              345909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       103452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       236899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             345909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.064441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.112150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.319902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.231125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998381                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.998381                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330625                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.330625                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.064441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.112150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.322855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.249889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.064441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.112150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.322855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.249889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93157.336634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93298.281250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93624.620762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90791.397680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91223.514036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  1918.564824                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1918.564824                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92595.782502                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92595.782502                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93157.336634                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93298.281250                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93624.620762                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91300.222687                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91565.918347                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93157.336634                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93298.281250                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93624.620762                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91300.222687                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91565.918347                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               17838                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    17838                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        54916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           64871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        40710                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        40710                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        21568                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         21568                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        76484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            86439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        76484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           86439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23981850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7612660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    760037902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4206829925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4998462337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3082873533                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3082873533                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1685991119                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1685991119                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23981850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7612660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    760037902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5892821044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6684453456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23981850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7612660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    760037902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5892821044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6684453456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1316553365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1316553365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2937376224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2937376224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4253929589                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4253929589                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.064441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.112150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.319902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998381                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998381                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.330625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.064441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.112150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.322855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.249889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.064441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.112150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.322855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79148.019802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79298.541667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79535.150900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76604.813260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77052.339828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75727.672144                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75727.672144                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78170.953218                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78170.953218                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79148.019802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79298.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79535.150900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77046.454736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77331.452886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79148.019802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79298.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79535.150900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77046.454736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77331.452886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2473551                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        40540                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       1919                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         98                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    12                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    24                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                  1893                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  335162                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      2017                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     2514091                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            34                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   329757                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     5405                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             32                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                3042                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1955958                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               512.000000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                22511699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1956470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 11.506284                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   512.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22503086                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       22503086                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22503086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        22503086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22503086                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       22503086                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2054914                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2054914                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2054914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       2054914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2054914                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      2054914                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  28127974881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28127974881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  28127974881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  28127974881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  28127974881                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  28127974881                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24558000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24558000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24558000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     24558000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24558000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     24558000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.083676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.083676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.083676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.083676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.083676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.083676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13688.151855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13688.151855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13688.151855                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13688.151855                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13688.151855                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13688.151855                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       283356                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40479.428571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        98952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        98952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        98952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        98952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        98952                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        98952                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1955962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1955962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1955962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1955962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1955962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1955962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  20081828955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20081828955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  20081828955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20081828955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  20081828955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20081828955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.079647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.079647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.079647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10266.983180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10266.983180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10266.983180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10266.983180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10266.983180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10266.983180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        43762                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.984227                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         26329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        43778                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.601421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083916796300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.984220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26081                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        26081                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        26081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26081                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        26081                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43970                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        43970                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        43970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43970                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        43970                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    852919278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    852919278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    852919278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    852919278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    852919278                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    852919278                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        70051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        70051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.627686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.627686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.627686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.627686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.627686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.627686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19397.754787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19397.754787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19397.754787                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19397.754787                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19397.754787                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19397.754787                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           57                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           57                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    719110935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    719110935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    719110935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    719110935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    719110935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    719110935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.627686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.627686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.627686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16354.581192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16354.581192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16354.581192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16354.581192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16354.581192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16354.581192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      1327783                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        185206                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1327799                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.139483                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       184796                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       184796                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       184796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       184796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       184796                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       184796                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1328090                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1328090                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1328090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1328090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1328090                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1328090                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16995284690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16995284690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16995284690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  16995284690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16995284690                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  16995284690                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1512886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1512886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1512886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      1512886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1512886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      1512886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.877852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.877852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.877852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12796.786882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12796.786882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12796.786882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12796.786882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12796.786882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12796.786882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2646                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2646                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1328090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1328090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1328090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1328090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1328090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1328090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12953420479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12953420479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12953420479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12953420479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12953420479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12953420479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877852                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877852                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877852                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877852                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9753.420686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9753.420686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9753.420686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9753.420686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9753.420686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9753.420686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1020491                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                44308422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1021003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 43.396956                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.031287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.968619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     26553681                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       26553681                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     17684488                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      17684488                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     44238169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        44238169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     44238169                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       44238169                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1637006                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1637006                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       336947                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       336947                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1973953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       1973953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1973953                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      1973953                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  63906709255                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  63906709255                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10673369372                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10673369372                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  74580078627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  74580078627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  74580078627                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  74580078627                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28190687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28190687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18021435                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18021435                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     46212122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     46212122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     46212122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     46212122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.058069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018697                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018697                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.042715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.042715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39038.775212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39038.775212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31676.701000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31676.701000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37782.094420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37782.094420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37782.094420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37782.094420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       713840                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           713840                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       906630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       906630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       910370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       910370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       910370                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       910370                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       730376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       730376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       333207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       333207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1063583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1063583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1063583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1063583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16784319274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16784319274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9338433907                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9338433907                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26122753181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26122753181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26122753181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26122753181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1533648316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1533648316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3480790700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3480790700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5014439016                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5014439016                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018489                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018489                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22980.381713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22980.381713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28025.923546                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28025.923546                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24561.085671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24561.085671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24561.085671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24561.085671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               283704249                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        31889332                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     31889332                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      3560070                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     23658422                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        16587285                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    118306189                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             146305151                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           31889332                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     16587285                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             49828639                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       11656035                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            713725                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      89014069                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       272328                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        68742                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          176                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         24558006                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2104717                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          12420                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    266163310                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.103618                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.558597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       217250446     81.62%     81.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         4557910      1.71%     83.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         2376805      0.89%     84.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         3358191      1.26%     85.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         3489808      1.31%     86.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         3485116      1.31%     88.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         3443564      1.29%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         3301349      1.24%     90.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        24900121      9.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    266163310                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.112403                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.515696                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       115691669                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     94616203                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         46899956                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       996040                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       7959442                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     288556535                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           17                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       7959442                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       119583980                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       46405696                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     38558842                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         43930412                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9724938                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     281009927                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        72458                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       3161453                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      4666888                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       212725                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    313635144                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    705276288                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    674518873                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     30757415                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    244305229                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        69330028                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1207054                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1236367                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         26657050                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     33747354                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     21109537                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2129792                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1407675                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         259905196                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1530686                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        246428074                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       590125                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     40756728                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     58682845                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       387081                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    266163310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.925853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.597053                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172216992     64.70%     64.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31997319     12.02%     76.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     21511617      8.08%     84.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     14839567      5.58%     90.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10813694      4.06%     94.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7580960      2.85%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      5160879      1.94%     99.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1574286      0.59%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       467996      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    266163310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         552354     36.62%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     36.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         4506      0.30%     36.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     36.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     36.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     36.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     36.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     36.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     36.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     36.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     36.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     36.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     36.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     36.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     36.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     36.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     36.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     36.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        601401     39.87%     76.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       350061     23.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      4126349      1.67%      1.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    181195830     73.53%     75.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      9196426      3.73%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32043622     13.00%     91.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19865847      8.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     246428074                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.868609                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            1508322                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006121                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    739700873                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    287282550                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    230215594                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     21865002                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     14930311                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10711400                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     232880195                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       10929852                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3084601                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5822635                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        43756                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        27322                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3141819                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        26940                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       7959442                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       36922925                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       457797                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    261435882                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      6228578                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33747354                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     21109537                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1317535                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        237647                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        47881                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        27322                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1437166                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2493335                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      3930501                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    242596939                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     31274634                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      3831135                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            50860350                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        24897303                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          19585716                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.855105                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             241210684                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            240926994                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        160829928                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        267977637                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.849219                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.600162                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     44125715                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1143605                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      3566246                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    258293645                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.840406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.822577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    186718025     72.29%     72.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24560543      9.51%     81.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14720484      5.70%     87.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     11599266      4.49%     91.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5379028      2.08%     94.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3017393      1.17%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2395629      0.93%     96.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1930885      0.75%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      7972392      3.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    258293645                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    109174014                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     217071491                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              45892452                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             27924730                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             158750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          22723556                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           9244905                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        209016354                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      7972392                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           511183961                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          530455686                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 923616                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               17540939                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        179922256554                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          109174014                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            217071491                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    109174014                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.598643                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.598643                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.384816                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.384816                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       483153473                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      256599931                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         18767145                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9796023                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      100793654                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1160152                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           73196                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      7391000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker      7788232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      1158000040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       231224895                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1404591707                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   1158000040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    1158000040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      2506207                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    150435580                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       154756315                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             2736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       923875                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker       973529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        144750005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         32466527                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           179118869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           41861                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        19679013                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           19749226                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       123165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       129784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           19297108                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            3853171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              23406353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      19297108                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         19297108                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             41764                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           2506884                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              2578885                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             42984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       123165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       129784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          19297108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           6360055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             25985239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       40540                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2473551                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        98                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      1919                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                 1893                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 335162                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     2017                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    2514091                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           34                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    5405                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  329757                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            32                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               1957                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180207186548                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 109590533                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   210706724                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           209812752                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                45647                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     13400001                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  209812752                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       45647                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         528959972                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        232634069                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              73992                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             37567                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    52232467                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  32501036                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 19731431                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             179961294136.427521                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             245892411.572470                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001364                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998636                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
