
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  53154                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    95470                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               28041998                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    10.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549647                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987228                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        52480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              250240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        50624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            50624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1084                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3910                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            791                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 791                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    180981700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6841991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    432148986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    239248979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              862973716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    432148986                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         432590405                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        174581128                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             174581128                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        174581128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    180981700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6841991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    432148986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    239248979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1037554844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      811                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.299645                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      811                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971063605000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.299645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.518728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.518728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              13                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            832                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          845                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             845                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    141518896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    141518896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    142089896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    142089896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    142089896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    142089896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43923.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43923.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170094.826923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170094.826923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168153.723077                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168153.723077                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168153.723077                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168153.723077                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       908800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  91                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9986.813187                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            798                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 798                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       405900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       405900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    131713500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131713500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    132119400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132119400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    132119400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    132119400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 31223.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31223.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 158309.495192                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158309.495192                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 156354.319527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156354.319527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 156354.319527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156354.319527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           13                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        53248                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           13                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1379                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1327.718598                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1942                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.408267                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           60.599351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.511980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.371287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.088376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.887916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    18.117327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.978591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    885.480744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    350.683025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.014795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.216182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.085616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.324150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1187                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          234                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   3894                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             433                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  433                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   46                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    3940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1187                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   3940                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2397                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          905                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3374                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           16                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2397                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1191                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3660                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3588921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       976786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213284623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     87337128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      305187458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29030763                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29030763                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3588921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       976786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213284623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    116367891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       334218221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3588921                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       976786                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213284623                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    116367891                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      334218221                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          433                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              433                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          332                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              332                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.668806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.794557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.464227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.861446                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.861446                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.166667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.668806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.809653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.481579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.166667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.668806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.809653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.481579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76360.021277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 61049.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88979.817689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96505.113812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90452.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101506.164336                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101506.164336                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76360.021277                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 61049.125000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88979.817689                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97706.037783                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91316.453825                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76360.021277                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 61049.125000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88979.817689                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97706.037783                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91316.453825                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  78                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       78                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           16                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3332712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       887538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199974553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82381228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    286576031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27440755                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27440755                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3332712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       887538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199974553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109821983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    314016786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3332712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       887538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199974553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109821983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    314016786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3182450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3182450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7059370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7059370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10241820                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10241820                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.668806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.794557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.462988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.861446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.668806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.809653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.480395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.668806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.809653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.480395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 70908.765957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 55471.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83427.014184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91028.981215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85163.753640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95946.695804                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95946.695804                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 70908.765957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 55471.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83427.014184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92209.893367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86008.432210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 70908.765957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 55471.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83427.014184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92209.893367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86008.432210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1670.819525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            9.066974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.596579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.967365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1141.507746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    481.680938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.050989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          439                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          100                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    563                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              78                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   78                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           16                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          439                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          105                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    568                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          805                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2811                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1085                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3091                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2966399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186432598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77950714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      268090549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26324608                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26324608                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2966399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186432598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104275322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       294415157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2966399                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186432598                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104275322                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      294415157                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           78                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               78                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          285                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              285                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           16                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.816854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.889503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.833136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.982456                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.982456                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.816854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.911765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.844766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.816854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.911765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.844766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95690.290323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95215.831461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96833.185093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95371.949128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94016.457143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94016.457143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95690.290323                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95215.831461                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96106.287558                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95249.161113                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95690.290323                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95215.831461                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96106.287558                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95249.161113                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2535720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158928185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66716220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228808950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22327161                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22327161                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2535720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158928185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89043381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251136111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2535720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158928185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89043381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251136111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.816854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.889503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.830468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.982456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.816854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.911765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.842307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.816854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.911765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.842307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81797.419355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81168.633810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82877.291925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81659.154176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79739.860714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79739.860714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81797.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81168.633810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82067.632258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81484.786178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81797.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81168.633810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82067.632258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81484.786178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3074                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               438.075596                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   27362                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  8.901106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971066983300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.789755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   437.285840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.854074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.855616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30951                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          30970                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           30970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30951                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          30970                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4252                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4254                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4252                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4254                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293117352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    293117352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293117352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    293117352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293117352                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    293117352                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68936.348071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68903.937941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68936.348071                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68903.937941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68936.348071                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68903.937941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          668                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          668                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3584                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3584                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229685782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229685782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229685782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229685782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229685782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229685782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64086.434710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64086.434710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64086.434710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64086.434710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64086.434710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64086.434710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           88                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.595588                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           155                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           88                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.761364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.330123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.265465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.020633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.579092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.599724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          229                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          229                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          229                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          229                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           99                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           99                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2177798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2177798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2177798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2177798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2177798                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2177798                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.295385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.301829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.295385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.301829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.295385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.301829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22685.395833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21997.959596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22685.395833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21997.959596                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22685.395833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21997.959596                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1870673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1870673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1870673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1870673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1870673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1870673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.295385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.295385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.295385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19486.177083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19486.177083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19486.177083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19486.177083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19486.177083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19486.177083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2428                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.672639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           246                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2428                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.101318                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.735999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.936640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.046000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.808540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.854540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          332                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          332                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          332                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          332                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2441                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2444                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2441                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2444                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30031051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30031051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30031051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     30031051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30031051                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     30031051                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.880403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.880403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.880403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12302.765670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12287.664075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12302.765670                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12287.664075                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12302.765670                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12287.664075                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22495000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22495000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22495000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22495000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22495000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22495000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9215.485457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9215.485457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9215.485457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9215.485457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9215.485457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9215.485457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   961                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               404.679739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   23500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.453694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.410554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   404.269185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.789588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.790390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34562                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34562                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20726                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20726                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        55288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           55288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        55288                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          55288                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2322                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2323                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          355                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          355                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2677                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2678                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    202968621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    202968621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32360045                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32360045                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    235328666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    235328666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    235328666                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    235328666                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        36885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21081                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21081                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        57965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        57966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        57965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        57966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016840                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016840                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87411.120155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87373.491606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91155.056338                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91155.056338                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87907.607770                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87874.781927                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87907.607770                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87874.781927                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          433                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              433                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1193                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1193                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93255323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93255323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30096273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30096273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123351596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123351596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123351596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123351596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3325125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3325125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7326720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7326720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10651845                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10651845                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016318                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016318                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81802.914912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81802.914912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87489.165698                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87489.165698                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83121.021563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83121.021563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83121.021563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83121.021563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  826500                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           49010                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        49010                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7374                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35367                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21611                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       196200                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                228557                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              49010                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21611                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                69944                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27848                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1697                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        164765                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           21                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          434                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35203                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4337                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             33                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       453214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.961499                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.438814                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          384984     84.95%     84.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3047      0.67%     85.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2780      0.61%     86.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3810      0.84%     87.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6201      1.37%     88.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4058      0.90%     89.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6343      1.40%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3352      0.74%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           38639      8.53%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       453214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.059298                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.276536                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          191692                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       175742                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            63869                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1745                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20153                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        418743                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20153                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          197028                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         105792                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        57482                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60204                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12542                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        397964                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7677                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          153                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       436479                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       996292                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       996202                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284664                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          151804                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1333                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1335                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36438                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49457                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30471                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2229                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1123                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            368249                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2141                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           334339                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1589                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       108395                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       155398                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          989                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       453214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.737707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.507831                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       331208     73.08%     73.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        39569      8.73%     81.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        25954      5.73%     87.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        19778      4.36%     91.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14813      3.27%     95.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10742      2.37%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8007      1.77%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2620      0.58%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          523      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       453214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            877     50.61%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           431     24.87%     75.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          425     24.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4103      1.23%      1.23% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       258800     77.41%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        44738     13.38%     92.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26688      7.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        334339                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.404524                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1733                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005183                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1126092                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       478883                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       318870                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        331955                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5512                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16284                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          125                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          155                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9344                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20153                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92251                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          907                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       370390                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5799                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49457                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30471                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1744                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           481                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          155                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1838                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6628                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8466                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       324283                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42498                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10056                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68055                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33758                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25557                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.392357                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                319663                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               318879                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           207869                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           338824                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.385819                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613501                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       117196                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7430                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       433209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.584388                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.550443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       348213     80.38%     80.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30339      7.00%     87.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16352      3.77%     91.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13185      3.04%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8160      1.88%     96.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3435      0.79%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2320      0.54%     97.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2811      0.65%     98.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8394      1.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       433209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133838                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253162                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54296                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33170                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27932                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251120                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8394                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              794971                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             761111                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2322                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 373286                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                1613                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133838                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253162                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133838                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.175376                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.175376                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.161933                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.161933                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          643757                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         347863                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         139529                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003924                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003924036349                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975426814758                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  25401                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    48979                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3690205878                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4578884                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5420.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   137692853                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     265504536                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           606080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        11840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       464128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1441088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             3588608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       464128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         464128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1833472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          1833472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              9470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         7252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        22517                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                56072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          28648                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               28648                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               30298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        23202                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        72040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 179395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        23202                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             23202                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            91656                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 91656                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            91656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              30298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        23202                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        72040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                271051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    28841                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.966914                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       8573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    28856                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.297096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.066691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.900223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.931264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.935432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           2710                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              2710                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           341                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              341                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            3051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               3051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           3051                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              3051                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        15838                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           16098                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        18154                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          34794                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         33992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            50892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        33992                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           50892                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11385000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet    644750669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    656135669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2929482920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1186247000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4115729920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2940867920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1830997669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4771865589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2940867920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1830997669                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4771865589                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        18548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         18808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        18495                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35135                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        37043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          53943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        37043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         53943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.855912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.981563                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.990295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.943440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.943440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43788.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40709.096414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40758.831470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176050.656250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 65343.560648                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118288.495718                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174015.853254                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 53865.546864                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93764.552169                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174015.853254                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 53865.546864                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93764.552169                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21605300                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1897                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11389.193463                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          26003                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               26003                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        15838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        18154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34794                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        33992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        33992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      8084400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    447714600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    455799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2728931092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    961540100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3690471192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2737015492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1409254700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4146270192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2737015492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1409254700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4146270192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.855912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.981563                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990295                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 31093.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28268.379846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28314.014163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163998.262740                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 52965.743087                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106066.310053                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161953.579408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41458.422570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81471.944353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161953.579408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41458.422570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81471.944353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        532082                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3086.133790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         4538324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        535184                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          8.479932                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          412.952731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.445093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.362478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2127.095699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    520.277758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.100819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.519310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.127021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.753451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       728571                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18939                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3334121                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       245652                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                4327283                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          252203                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               252203                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21850                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               21850                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        73938                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                73938                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       728571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3334121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       319590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 4401221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       728571                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18939                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3334121                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       319590                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                4401221                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4023                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          754                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       356027                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       128997                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               489801                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        12366                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             12366                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        36349                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              36349                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       356027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       165346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                526150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4023                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          754                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       356027                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       165346                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               526150                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    100886641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     22242481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8183156585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4249858218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    12556143925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    338520859                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    338520859                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2063382643                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2063382643                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    100886641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     22242481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8183156585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6313240861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     14619526568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    100886641                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     22242481                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8183156585                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6313240861                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    14619526568                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       732594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3690148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       374649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            4817084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       252203                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           252203                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34216                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           34216                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       110287                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           110287                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       732594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3690148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       484936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             4927371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       732594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3690148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       484936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            4927371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.096480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.344314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.101680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.361410                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.361410                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.329586                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.329586                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.096480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.340965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.106781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.096480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.340965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.106781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25077.464827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29499.311671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22984.651684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32945.403521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25635.194548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27375.130115                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27375.130115                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56765.870946                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56765.870946                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25077.464827                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29499.311671                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22984.651684                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38181.999329                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27785.853023                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25077.464827                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29499.311671                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22984.651684                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38181.999329                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27785.853023                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks               73163                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                    73163                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       356025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       128990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          489783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12366                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        12366                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        36349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         36349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       356025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       165339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           526132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       356025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       165339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          526132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     79181876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     18085653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6146799686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3530767740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9774834955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    756494579                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    756494579                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1859750097                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1859750097                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     79181876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     18085653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6146799686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5390517837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11634585052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     79181876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     18085653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6146799686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5390517837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11634585052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3380921347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3380921347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4928613655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4928613655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8309535002                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8309535002                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.096480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.344296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.361410                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361410                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.329586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.096480                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.340950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.106777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.096480                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.340950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.106777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 19701.885046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24146.399199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17265.078817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27372.414451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19957.481078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61175.366246                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61175.366246                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51163.721065                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51163.721065                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 19701.885046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24146.399199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17265.078817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32602.821095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22113.433610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 19701.885046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24146.399199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17265.078817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32602.821095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22113.433610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                          6542                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     29876.878291                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          512422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         36994                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         13.851489                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10332.235113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker               3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.169093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                     2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data                     1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   156.543351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    50.652216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   8734.998955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  10594.279563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.315315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.266571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.323312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.911770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3834                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          677                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       348772                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       100670                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 453953                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks           73163                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                73163                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          301                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 301                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        19262                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                19262                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       348772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       119932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  473215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3834                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          677                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       348772                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       119932                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 473215                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          185                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7253                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        28320                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                35830                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        16202                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16202                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        12950                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              12950                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        41270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 48780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          185                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           72                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7253                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        41270                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                48780                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17341255                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6725873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    679018849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1692214350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2395300327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    264522886                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    264522886                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1116306051                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1116306051                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17341255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6725873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    679018849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2808520401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      3511606378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17341255                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6725873                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    679018849                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2808520401                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     3511606378                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       356025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       128990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             489783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        73163                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total            73163                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16503                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           16503                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        32212                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            32212                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       356025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       161202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              521995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       356025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       161202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             521995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.096128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.020372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.219552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.073155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.981761                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.981761                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.402024                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.402024                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.096128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.020372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.256014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.093449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.096128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.020372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.256014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.093449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93736.513514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93414.902778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93619.033366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59753.331568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66851.809294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16326.557585                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16326.557585                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86201.239459                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86201.239459                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93736.513514                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93414.902778                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93619.033366                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68052.347977                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71988.650636                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93736.513514                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93414.902778                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93619.033366                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68052.347977                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71988.650636                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks                2645                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                     2645                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        16202                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16202                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12950                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         12950                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            48780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           48780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14753609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5717765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    576826386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1293675282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1890973042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    862531932                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    862531932                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    930645048                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    930645048                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14753609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5717765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    576826386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2224320330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2821618090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14753609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5717765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    576826386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2224320330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2821618090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3013174310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3013174310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4379131500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4379131500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7392305810                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7392305810                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.096128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.020372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.219552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.981761                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981761                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.402024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.402024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.096128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.020372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.256014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.093449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.096128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.020372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.256014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79749.237838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79413.402778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79529.351441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45680.624364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52776.250126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53236.139489                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53236.139489                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71864.482471                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71864.482471                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79749.237838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79413.402778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79529.351441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53896.785316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57843.749282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79749.237838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79413.402778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79529.351441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53896.785316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57843.749282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       297328                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       374697                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       4292                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       3617                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  2485                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  3612                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  268757                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      7909                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                      672025                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           395                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   118908                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   149849                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            215                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            181                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                7704                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               3690150                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               512.000000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                 9853357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               3690662                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.669807                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   512.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9845824                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        9845824                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9845824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         9845824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9845824                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        9845824                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3841745                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3841745                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3841745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       3841745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3841745                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      3841745                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  48991614462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48991614462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  48991614462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  48991614462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  48991614462                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  48991614462                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13687569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13687569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13687569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     13687569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13687569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     13687569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.280674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.280674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.280674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12752.437880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12752.437880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12752.437880                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12752.437880                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12752.437880                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12752.437880                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       111009                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        37003                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       151592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       151592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       151592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       151592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       151592                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       151592                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3690153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3690153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3690153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3690153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3690153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3690153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  34104165620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34104165620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  34104165620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34104165620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  34104165620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34104165620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.269599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.269599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.269599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9241.938104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9241.938104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9241.938104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9241.938104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9241.938104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9241.938104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        19744                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999814                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         75200                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        19760                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.805668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972588833300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        74718                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        74718                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        74718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        74718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        74718                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        74718                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19949                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        19949                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        19949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19949                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        19949                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    362631830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    362631830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    362631830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    362631830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    362631830                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    362631830                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        94667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        94667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        94667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        94667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        94667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        94667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.210728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.210728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.210728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.210728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.210728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.210728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18177.945260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18177.945260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18177.945260                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18177.945260                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18177.945260                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18177.945260                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           45                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        19949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    301108819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    301108819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    301108819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    301108819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    301108819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    301108819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.210728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.210728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.210728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15093.930473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15093.930473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15093.930473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15093.930473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15093.930473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15093.930473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       732976                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         47827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       732992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.065249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        47486                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        47486                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        47486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        47486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        47486                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        47486                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       733217                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       733217                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       733217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       733217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       733217                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       733217                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10998253621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10998253621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10998253621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  10998253621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10998253621                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  10998253621                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       780703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       780703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       780703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       780703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       780703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       780703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.939175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.939175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.939175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.939175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.939175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.939175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14999.998119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14999.998119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14999.998119                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14999.998119                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14999.998119                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14999.998119                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          152                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          152                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       733217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       733217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       733217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       733217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       733217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       733217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8758373618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8758373618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8758373618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8758373618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8758373618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8758373618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.939175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.939175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.939175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.939175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.939175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.939175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11945.131684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11945.131684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11945.131684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11945.131684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11945.131684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11945.131684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                476257                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.988316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                29196834                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                476769                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 61.238952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.988316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     18286048                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       18286048                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     10844472                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      10844472                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     29130520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        29130520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     29130520                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       29130520                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       592086                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       592086                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       144873                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       144873                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       736959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        736959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       736959                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       736959                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16508240750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16508240750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4696055116                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4696055116                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  21204295866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21204295866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  21204295866                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21204295866                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18878134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18878134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10989345                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10989345                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     29867479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29867479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     29867479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29867479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013183                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013183                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27881.491456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27881.491456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32414.978057                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32414.978057                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28772.694093                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28772.694093                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28772.694093                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28772.694093                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       252006                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           252006                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       217055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       217055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       218009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       218009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       218009                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       218009                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       375031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       375031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       143919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       143919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       518950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       518950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       518950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       518950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8242963487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8242963487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4160386876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4160386876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12403350363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12403350363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12403350363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12403350363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3527660422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3527660422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5128019939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5128019939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8655680361                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8655680361                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013096                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013096                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21979.419000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21979.419000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28907.836186                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28907.836186                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23900.858200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23900.858200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23900.858200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23900.858200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               229394589                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        17355956                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17355956                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2386194                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14978120                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits         8985304                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    114359530                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              82706594                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           17355956                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      8985304                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             27702281                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        7909970                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            341913                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      49270985                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       160149                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       115991                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         13687571                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1647865                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          14420                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    197329477                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.820113                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.262298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       170431157     86.37%     86.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         2572875      1.30%     87.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1261151      0.64%     88.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2008216      1.02%     89.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         1668991      0.85%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1919571      0.97%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1933093      0.98%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1435178      0.73%     92.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        14099245      7.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    197329477                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.075660                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.360543                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       112862038                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     52862839                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         25753358                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       472651                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       5378591                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     158269664                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          302                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       5378591                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       114413485                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        7305479                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     42905055                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         24683127                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      2643740                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     153342957                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        16137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        165776                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      1305718                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6102                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    168742872                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    382595696                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    379776967                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      2818729                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    129800507                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        38942459                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1018075                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1039559                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         10058737                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22544197                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     13610576                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1636171                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       992597                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         146163655                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1297724                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        138495515                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       305613                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     27436086                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38456898                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       336256                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    197329477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.701849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.452729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    144452975     73.20%     73.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18307499      9.28%     82.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12225150      6.20%     88.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7923879      4.02%     92.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6030767      3.06%     95.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4243082      2.15%     97.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2663907      1.35%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1213585      0.62%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       268633      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    197329477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         283166     34.37%     34.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     34.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     34.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        27482      3.34%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        298758     36.26%     73.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       214434     26.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1220039      0.88%      0.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    102397270     73.94%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       755802      0.55%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21407167     15.46%     90.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     12715237      9.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     138495515                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.603744                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             823840                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005948                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    473804651                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173494237                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133596693                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1895044                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1425571                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       860025                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     137144245                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         955071                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1870469                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4634759                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        31903                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        22995                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2584433                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        45324                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       5378591                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        5926357                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        74427                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147461379                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1356256                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22544197                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     13610576                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1171404                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         26343                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         6627                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        22995                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       950922                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1726728                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2677650                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    136066495                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20815046                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2429022                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            33245561                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        13766418                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          12430515                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.593155                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             134694863                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            134456718                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         86590376                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        134326331                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.586137                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644627                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     30549464                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       961468                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2393431                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    192053029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.607791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.535518                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    151512175     78.89%     78.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14628889      7.62%     86.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7381966      3.84%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7504663      3.91%     94.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3763574      1.96%     96.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1582288      0.82%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1257646      0.65%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1064891      0.55%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3356937      1.75%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    192053029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     60602986                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     116728155                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              28935591                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             17909446                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             100740                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          12207294                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            693725                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        115589903                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      3356937                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           335700293                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          299948275                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                1642048                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               32065112                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59840771954                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           60602986                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            116728155                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     60602986                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.785203                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.785203                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.264187                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.264187                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       267891520                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      145762306                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          1523278                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          811497                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       62675800                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        980109                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          588057                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       257648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        65424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       811012920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       138341779                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          950271612                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    811012920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     811012920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet       510688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     92041595                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        95513691                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            19120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        32206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         8178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        101376615                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         21719320                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           123156162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           18075                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        13516293                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           13580640                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              29397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           40542691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            6915732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              47504260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      40542691                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         40542691                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             25529                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           4601177                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              4774748                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             54926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        12880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          40542691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          11516909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             52279008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      374697                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      297328                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      3617                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      4292                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 2713                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 4287                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 268757                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     7909                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                     672025                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          395                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  149849                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  118908                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           181                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           215                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               6802                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60072369953                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  76008655                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   146852277                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           145624371                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               484528                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      9952746                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  145624371                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      484528                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         372564665                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        164750874                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             807830                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            394901                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    35290690                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  21740057                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 13550633                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59900664311.773567                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             171705641.226429                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.002858                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.997142                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
