
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 171046                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   304962                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               93138440                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491168                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536302                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        956192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        81920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       135616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        81344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              305856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       135616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         135680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        80960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            80960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1271                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4779                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1265                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1265                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    280517195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6136314                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    464387450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    278544808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1047337246                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    464387450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         464606604                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        277229884                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             277229884                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        277229884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    280517195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6136314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    464387450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    278544808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1324567130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1285                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.689981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598614244000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.689981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.543124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.543124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1280                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1301                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       884000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       884000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230232840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    230232840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231116840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    231116840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231116840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    231116840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42095.238095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42095.238095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179869.406250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179869.406250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177645.534204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177645.534204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177645.534204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177645.534204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       993600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 107                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9285.981308                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1265                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1265                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       618000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       618000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    214825876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214825876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    215443876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    215443876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    215443876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    215443876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29428.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29428.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167832.715625                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167832.715625                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165598.674865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165598.674865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165598.674865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165598.674865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           20                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        81920                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           20                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           278                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1791.829384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              97                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           278                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.348921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           62.453714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.971478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.571044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.450209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1165.852147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    512.530924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.015247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.284632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.125130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.437458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2409                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1976                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          321                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4798                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             544                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  544                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2409                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1976                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          390                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4867                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2151                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          963                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3225                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                316                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2151                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1278                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3541                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7898652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3110047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222459673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103590007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      337058379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32864741                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32864741                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7898652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3110047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222459673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    136454748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       369923120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7898652                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3110047                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222459673                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    136454748                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      369923120                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          544                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              544                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          384                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              385                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.233333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.401969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.820312                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.820779                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.233333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.766187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.421147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.233333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.766187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.421147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 111248.619718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 111073.107143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103421.512320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107570.100727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104514.226047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104332.511111                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104002.344937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 111248.619718                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 111073.107143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103421.512320                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106772.103286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104468.545609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 111248.619718                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 111073.107143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103421.512320                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106772.103286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104468.545609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  13                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       13                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7253052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2955647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210577627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98315808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    319102134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31116641                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31116641                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7253052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2955647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210577627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129432449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    350218775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7253052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2955647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210577627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129432449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    350218775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3183144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3183144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7066103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7066103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10249247                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10249247                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.233333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.820312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.818182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.233333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.766187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.419363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.233333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.766187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.419363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105116.695652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105558.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97897.548582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102093.258567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99377.805668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98782.987302                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98782.987302                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105116.695652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105558.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97897.548582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101277.346635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99324.666761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105116.695652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105558.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97897.548582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101277.346635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99324.666761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1779.200521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.295045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.588378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.451551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1195.009673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    530.856010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     38                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              13                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   13                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      38                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           32                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     38                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2119                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          958                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3185                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2119                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1271                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3499                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7003452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2860847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202905524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94908308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      307678131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29875230                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29875230                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7003452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2860847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202905524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124783538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       337553361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7003452                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2860847                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202905524                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124783538                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      337553361                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           13                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               13                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.988210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.989256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.989256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102991.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102173.107143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95755.320434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99069.215031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96602.238932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95448.019169                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95144.044586                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102991.941176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102173.107143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95755.320434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98177.449253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96471.380680                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102991.941176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102173.107143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95755.320434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98177.449253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96471.380680                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6061021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2471440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173138835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81555799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    263227095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25431510                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25431510                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6061021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2471440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173138835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106987309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    288658605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6061021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2471440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173138835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106987309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    288658605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.985581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89132.661765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 88265.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81707.803209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85131.314196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82958.428932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81250.830671                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81250.830671                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89132.661765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 88265.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81707.803209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84175.695515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82805.107573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89132.661765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 88265.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81707.803209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84175.695515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82805.107573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3617                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               426.022671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   21848                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3617                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.040365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.252900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   425.769771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.831582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.832076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25340                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25349                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25340                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25349                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4837                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4838                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4838                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4837                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4838                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    315571802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    315571802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    315571802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    315571802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    315571802                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    315571802                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.160268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.160268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.160268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65241.224313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65227.739148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65241.224313                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65227.739148                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65241.224313                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65227.739148                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          710                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          710                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    245647270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    245647270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    245647270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    245647270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    245647270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    245647270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.136760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.136760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.136760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59521.994185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59521.994185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59521.994185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59521.994185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59521.994185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59521.994185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          107                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.016497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.392523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598746990300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.135179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.881318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.680082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.688531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          387                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          387                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          387                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          387                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          120                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          123                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          120                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          123                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4527107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4527107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4527107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4527107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4527107                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4527107                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.236686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.241176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.236686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.241176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.236686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.241176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37725.891667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36805.747967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37725.891667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36805.747967                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37725.891667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36805.747967                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4142428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4142428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4142428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4142428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4142428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4142428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.236686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.236686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.236686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34520.233333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34520.233333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34520.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34520.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34520.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34520.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2471                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.911708                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           686                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2471                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.277620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598619515300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.821147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.090561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.931982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          760                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          760                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          760                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          760                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2481                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2488                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2481                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2488                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36492816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36492816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36492816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     36492816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36492816                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     36492816                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.766010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.766010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.766010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14708.914148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14667.530547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14708.914148                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14667.530547                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14708.914148                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14667.530547                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28840226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28840226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28840226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28840226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28840226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28840226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.763855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.763855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.763855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11624.436114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11624.436114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11624.436114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11624.436114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11624.436114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11624.436114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1157                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               424.439322                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   25675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.191011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7598702110300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.503986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   423.935335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.827999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.828983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32127                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          32127                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17374                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17375                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49501                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49502                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2407                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2408                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          396                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          397                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2803                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2805                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    214520424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    214520424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36831688                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36831688                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    251352112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    251352112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    251352112                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    251352112                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17770                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022285                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022339                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89123.566265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89086.554817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93009.313131                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92775.032746                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89672.533714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89608.596078                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89672.533714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89608.596078                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          544                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              544                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1134                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1134                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110379935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110379935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34436093                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34436093                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    144816028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    144816028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    144816028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    144816028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3329950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3329950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7331889                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7331889                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10661839                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10661839                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021666                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021663                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031910                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031910                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85965.681464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85965.681464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89444.397403                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89444.397403                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86768.141402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86768.141402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86768.141402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86768.141402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876931                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           43885                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        43885                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6769                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32872                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17784                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       200453                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                210069                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              43885                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17784                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62119                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          26992                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4424                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        163543                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          286                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          399                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30177                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4107                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             62                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       451161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.865276                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.336694                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          390344     86.52%     86.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2824      0.63%     87.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2442      0.54%     87.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3328      0.74%     88.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4950      1.10%     89.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3655      0.81%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5746      1.27%     91.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2840      0.63%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35032      7.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       451161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050044                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.239550                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          198451                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       174205                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56401                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2164                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         19937                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        375374                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         19937                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          203527                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         108263                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        52481                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            53488                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13462                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        357394                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2813                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8964                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          101                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       394471                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       893442                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       893292                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          150                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       243847                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          150510                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1049                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1046                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            35754                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47564                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27317                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3066                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1394                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            332727                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1705                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           296477                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1481                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       108691                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       161700                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          814                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       451161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.657142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.429422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       341123     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36736      8.14%     83.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23379      5.18%     88.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18026      4.00%     92.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12936      2.87%     95.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9777      2.17%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6468      1.43%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2260      0.50%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          456      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       451161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            729     47.43%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           420     27.33%     74.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          388     25.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3231      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       228169     76.96%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41765     14.09%     92.14% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23302      7.86%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        296477                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.338085                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1537                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005184                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1048109                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       443209                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       282774                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        294754                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5044                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17842                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          115                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          170                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9496                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           19                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         19937                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          93847                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1014                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       334432                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5215                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47564                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27317                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1345                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           541                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           43                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          170                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1497                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6390                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7887                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       287871                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39649                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8606                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61923                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29509                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22274                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.328271                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                283566                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               282791                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           185831                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           295254                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322478                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629394                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       118018                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6820                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       431313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501619                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.428940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       356775     82.72%     82.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27615      6.40%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13817      3.20%     92.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11831      2.74%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6867      1.59%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3441      0.80%     97.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2002      0.46%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2792      0.65%     98.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6173      1.43%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       431313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117625                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        216355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47508                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29690                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23983                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           214438                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6173                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              759370                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             688903                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2618                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 425770                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               216355                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.455311                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.455311                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134133                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134133                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          558939                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         309227                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         126398                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.014287                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5014286842851                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               12613349996361                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  64373                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   113107                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              592224604                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4743016                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  8466.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   545037882                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     957660248                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      2990080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1191744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       231808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     15911488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     89823936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           110162368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     15911488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       15911488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     52191104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         52191104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       248617                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1403499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              1721287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         815486                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              815486                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       596312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                2655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       237670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        46230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      3173231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     17913601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               21969698                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      3173231                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           3173231                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         10408480                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              10408480                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         10408480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       596312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               2655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       237670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        46230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      3173231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     17913601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              32378178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    47730                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   13.982072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    47742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.003037                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     1.533962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        12.448110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.095873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.778007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.873879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             48                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                48                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            20                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               20                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              68                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 68                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             68                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                68                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          729                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet          223                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             952                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet          286                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          47006                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            47958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47449                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          509                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           47958                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     31319000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet     10222638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     41541638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8403243160                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet     21468000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8424711160                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8434562160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet     31690638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   8466252798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8434562160                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet     31690638                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   8466252798                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet          271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total          1000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet          306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        47026                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          48026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         48026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.822878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.952000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934641                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999575                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.998584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42961.591221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 45841.426009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43636.174370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179863.937500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 75062.937063                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179226.293665                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177760.588421                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62260.585462                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176534.734518                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177760.588421                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62260.585462                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176534.734518                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     57724300                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                5465                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10562.543458                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          46907                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               46907                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        47006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        47958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     22230900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      7455800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29686700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   7840253704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     17948700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7858202404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   7862484604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     25404500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7887889104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   7862484604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     25404500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7887889104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.822878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934641                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999575                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30495.061728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 33434.080717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31183.508403                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167813.649486                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 62757.692308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167174.454410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165703.905330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 49910.609037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164474.938571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165703.905330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 49910.609037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164474.938571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          730                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2990080                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          730                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       5527054                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4059.067392                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        17743719                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       5531117                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          3.207981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7627216796668                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          681.706448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.002982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.001218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    33.643453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.057518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1368.250961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1960.404813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.166432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.334046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.478614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.990983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6258841                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       577066                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2745553                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3534801                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               13116261                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         5717520                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              5717520                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       255307                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              255307                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2542885                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              2542885                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6258841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       577066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2745553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      6077686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                15659146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6258841                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       577066                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2745553                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6077686                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               15659146                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       112965                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39830                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1274723                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3000533                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              4428051                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3838                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3838                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1086867                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1086867                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       112965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1274723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4087400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               5514918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       112965                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39830                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1274723                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4087400                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              5514918                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3978863670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1184959313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  48001537879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 129734033018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   182899393880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     52435938                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     52435938                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73279765421                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  73279765421                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3978863670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1184959313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  48001537879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 203013798439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    256179159301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3978863670                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1184959313                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  48001537879                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 203013798439                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   256179159301                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6371806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       616896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4020276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6535334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           17544312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5717520                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          5717520                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       259145                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          259145                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3629752                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3629752                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6371806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       616896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4020276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10165086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            21174064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6371806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       616896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4020276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10165086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           21174064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.317074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.459125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.252392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014810                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.014810                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.299433                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.299433                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.317074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.402102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.260456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.317074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.402102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.260456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35222.092418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29750.422119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 37656.446051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43236.995900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41304.717105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13662.307973                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13662.307973                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67422.937140                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67422.937140                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35222.092418                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29750.422119                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 37656.446051                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49668.199452                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46452.034156                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35222.092418                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29750.422119                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 37656.446051                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49668.199452                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46452.034156                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             2076250                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  2076250                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                46                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       112952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1274717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3000522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4428005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3838                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3838                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1086867                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1086867                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       112952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1274717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4087389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          5514872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       112952                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1274717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4087389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         5514872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3363917345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    964957973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  40788898760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 112952076433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 158069850511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    311628168                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    311628168                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  67207762863                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  67207762863                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3363917345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    964957973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  40788898760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 180159839296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 225277613374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3363917345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    964957973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  40788898760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 180159839296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 225277613374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    114428899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    114428899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    328498839                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    328498839                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    442927738                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    442927738                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.317072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.459123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014810                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014810                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.299433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.317072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.402101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.260454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.317072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.402101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.260454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29781.830733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24236.649746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31998.395534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37644.142064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35697.757909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81195.458051                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81195.458051                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61836.234666                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61836.234666                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29781.830733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24236.649746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31998.395534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44076.998616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40849.110074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29781.830733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24236.649746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31998.395534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44076.998616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40849.110074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       1648027                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32532.479793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         4829142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       1680630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.873412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7628105770238                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10076.418468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.034808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.022098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.003574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   293.253620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    93.117054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4601.633738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  17467.996104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.307508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.140431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.533081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.992812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        94331                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        36192                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1026099                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2219312                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                3375934                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         2076250                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              2076250                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          622                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 622                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       464020                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               464020                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        94331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        36192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1026099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      2683332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 3839954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        94331                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        36192                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1026099                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2683332                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                3839954                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18621                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3622                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       248618                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       781210                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              1052071                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3289                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3289                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       622774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             622774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       248618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1403984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               1674845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18621                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3622                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       248618                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1403984                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              1674845                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1736932692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    343473355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  23246502718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73047076286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    98373985051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25538495                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     25538495                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57845623086                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  57845623086                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1736932692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    343473355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  23246502718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 130892699372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    156219608137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1736932692                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    343473355                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  23246502718                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 130892699372                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   156219608137                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       112952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1274717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3000522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            4428005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2076250                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          2076250                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3911                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            3911                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1086794                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1086794                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       112952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1274717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4087316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             5514799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       112952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1274717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4087316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            5514799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.164858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.195038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.260358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.237595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.840961                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.840961                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.573038                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.573038                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.164858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.195038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.343498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.303700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.164858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.195038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.343498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.303700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93278.164008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94829.750138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93502.894875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93505.045104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93505.081930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7764.820614                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7764.820614                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92883.811922                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92883.811922                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93278.164008                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94829.750138                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93502.894875                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93229.480800                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93274.069025                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93278.164008                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94829.750138                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93502.894875                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93229.480800                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93274.069025                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              768579                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   768579                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       248618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       781210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1052071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3289                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3289                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       622774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        622774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       248618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1403984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          1674845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       248618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1403984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         1674845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1475714063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    292836231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19741304718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  62034023826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  83543878838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    253835366                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    253835366                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  48901387297                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  48901387297                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1475714063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    292836231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19741304718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 110935411123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 132445266135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1475714063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    292836231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19741304718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 110935411123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 132445266135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    102153479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    102153479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    289502119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    289502119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    391655598                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    391655598                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.164858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.195038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.260358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.237595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.840961                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840961                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.573038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.573038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.164858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.195038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.343498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.303700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.164858                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.195038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.343498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79249.989958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80849.318332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79404.165097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79407.616167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79408.974145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77177.064761                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77177.064761                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78521.883214                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78521.883214                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79249.989958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80849.318332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79404.165097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79014.726039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79079.118447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79249.989958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80849.318332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79404.165097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79014.726039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79079.118447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                         3864                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         6532                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         68                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         68                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    67                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   16586                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                       136                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                       10396                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            27                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     6165                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    10421                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             14                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                             14                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  47                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               4020300                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999593                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               114131277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               4020812                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 28.385131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    114126284                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      114126284                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    114126284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       114126284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    114126284                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      114126284                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4344683                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      4344683                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4344683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       4344683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4344683                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      4344683                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 105066753119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 105066753119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 105066753119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 105066753119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 105066753119                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 105066753119                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    118470967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    118470967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    118470967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    118470967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    118470967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    118470967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24182.835231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24182.835231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24182.835231                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24182.835231                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24182.835231                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24182.835231                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2449526                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets             59                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 41517.389831                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       324353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       324353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       324353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       324353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       324353                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       324353                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4020330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4020330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4020330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4020330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4020330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4020330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  80520287045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  80520287045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  80520287045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  80520287045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  80520287045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  80520287045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20028.278038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20028.278038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20028.278038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20028.278038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20028.278038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20028.278038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       616988                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.098552                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       2186303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       617003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.543424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.098552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.943659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.943659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2186079                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      2186079                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2186079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      2186079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2186079                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      2186079                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       617207                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       617207                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       617207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       617207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       617207                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       617207                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   9503867001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9503867001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   9503867001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   9503867001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   9503867001                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   9503867001                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2803286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2803286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2803286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2803286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2803286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2803286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.220173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.220173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.220173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15398.184079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15398.184079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15398.184079                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15398.184079                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15398.184079                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15398.184079                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          106                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          106                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       617207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       617207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       617207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       617207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       617207                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       617207                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7548362786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7548362786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7548362786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7548362786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7548362786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7548362786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12229.872289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12229.872289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12229.872289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12229.872289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12229.872289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12229.872289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      6374068                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998569                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      12867518                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      6374084                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.018724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     12867117                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     12867117                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     12867117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     12867117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     12867117                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     12867117                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6377678                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      6377678                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6377678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      6377678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6377678                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      6377678                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  81030017691                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81030017691                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  81030017691                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  81030017691                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  81030017691                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  81030017691                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19244795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19244795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19244795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     19244795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19244795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     19244795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.331398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.331398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.331398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.331398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.331398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.331398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12705.253807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12705.253807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12705.253807                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12705.253807                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12705.253807                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12705.253807                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2543                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2543                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6377678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6377678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6377678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6377678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6377678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6377678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  61077869987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  61077869987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  61077869987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  61077869987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  61077869987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  61077869987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.331398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.331398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.331398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9576.819336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9576.819336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9576.819336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9576.819336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9576.819336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9576.819336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              10165066                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999883                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               239767604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              10165578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 23.586224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    175642682                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      175642682                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     63795810                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      63795810                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    239438492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       239438492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    239438492                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      239438492                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11320735                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     11320735                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3894957                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3894957                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     15215692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      15215692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     15215692                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     15215692                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 420060941809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 420060941809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 125036872637                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 125036872637                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 545097814446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 545097814446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 545097814446                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 545097814446                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    186963417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    186963417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     67690767                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     67690767                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    254654184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    254654184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    254654184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    254654184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.060551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057540                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.057540                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37105.447818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37105.447818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32102.247249                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32102.247249                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35824.714015                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35824.714015                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35824.714015                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35824.714015                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5714871                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          5714871                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4784263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4784263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         8937                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         8937                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4793200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4793200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4793200                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4793200                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6536472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6536472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3886020                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3886020                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10422492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     10422492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10422492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     10422492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 177962031961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 177962031961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 110145443192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 110145443192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 288107475153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 288107475153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 288107475153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 288107475153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    119356410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    119356410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    342649687                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    342649687                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    462006097                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    462006097                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057408                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057408                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27226.006929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27226.006929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28344.023755                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28344.023755                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27642.858843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27642.858843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27642.858843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27642.858843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              1517375544                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       148498462                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    148498462                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     14607716                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    104690274                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        83055232                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    460183454                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             803074167                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          148498462                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     83055232                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            237588075                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       74052563                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          20357254                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     539636152                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        40723                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       441054                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          414                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        118471020                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      7234002                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes         280509                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1317446399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.075881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.530621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      1084377159     82.31%     82.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        14055417      1.07%     83.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        15032051      1.14%     84.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        18815445      1.43%     85.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        16500152      1.25%     87.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        17962236      1.36%     88.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        14610703      1.11%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        15371861      1.17%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       120721375      9.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1317446399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.097865                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.529252                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       477537408                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    552794348                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        217598344                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     10317026                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      59199273                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1385849044                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          434                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      59199273                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       498242174                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      448424766                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     17050973                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        205724545                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     88804668                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1350194018                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       716074                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      14655959                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     69085908                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       569061                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1535060654                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   3397102077                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3384049609                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     13052468                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1053087976                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       481972670                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       364745                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       376284                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        190892111                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    247731814                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     96375697                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     14840335                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      9864407                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1294947576                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       657427                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1156308573                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      3298988                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    365072110                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    531449766                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       243684                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1317446399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.877689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.522547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    854873190     64.89%     64.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    165987768     12.60%     77.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    113166053      8.59%     86.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     70843715      5.38%     91.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     50335278      3.82%     95.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     33645130      2.55%     97.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     19576984      1.49%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7717360      0.59%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1300921      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1317446399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        2361655     41.44%     41.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     41.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     41.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         9608      0.17%     41.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     41.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     41.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     41.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     41.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     41.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       2265665     39.75%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      1062368     18.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      8188086      0.71%      0.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    845801767     73.15%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1926998      0.17%     74.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    216903408     18.76%     92.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     83488314      7.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1156308573                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.762045                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            5699296                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   3636198802                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1654645647                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1121820474                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7974245                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      6209626                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3763348                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1149847466                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        3972317                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     24823919                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     74097396                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       208163                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       188660                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     28684139                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       126388                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         2096                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      59199273                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      335158642                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      6368202                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1295605003                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      7445543                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    247731814                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     96375697                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       496226                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       2323530                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       509565                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       188660                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      9587908                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      6199805                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     15787713                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1139740569                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    211928053                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     16568004                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           293961339                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       111492165                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          82033286                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.751126                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1128592645                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1125583822                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        793425560                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1235161253                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.741796                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.642366                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    381757358                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       413743                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     14657095                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1258277814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.726561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.781503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    974010978     77.41%     77.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     99630723      7.92%     85.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     42600538      3.39%     88.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     53953877      4.29%     93.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     19491881      1.55%     94.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     11717597      0.93%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      8807335      0.70%     96.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      6396512      0.51%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     41668373      3.31%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1258277814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    521775169                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     914215517                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             241325981                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            173634416                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars              81775                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          96150884                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           3167550                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        907922921                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     41668373                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          2512477528                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         2651409011                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                3834219                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              199929145                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         13539368421                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          521775169                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            914215517                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    521775169                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.908102                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.908102                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.343867                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.343867                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2236845181                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1273214634                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          3829628                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         2526208                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      536708282                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        330943                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            9412                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       624360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       265712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       234326344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        39180042                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          274408302                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    234326344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     234326344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1249280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         6744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     28035728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        29291752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        78045                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        33214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         29290793                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          6110272                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            35512933                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet             283                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         3785166                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            3804969                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       124516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        52991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           46731739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            7813682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              54725290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      46731739                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         46731739                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       249144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet              1345                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           5591170                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              5841659                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       249629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              3222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       124516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        52991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          46731739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          13404851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             60566949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          305                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1249280                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          305                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        6532                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                        3864                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        68                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        68                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   22                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   67                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  16586                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                      136                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                      10396                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           27                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   10421                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    6165                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                            14                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            14                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 56                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    15057919878                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  22186923                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    41538489                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            41376531                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                32898                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3339319                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   41376531                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       32898                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         107371848                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         47773414                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              49571                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             20654                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     9921609                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   6127575                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  3794034                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             15009268103.334442                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             48651774.665559                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.003231                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.996769                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
