
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  63996                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   114109                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               34871286                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491132                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      535932                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        955613                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        79296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        81408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              303680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        77504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            77504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1239                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1272                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4745                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1211                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1211                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    271531879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    466359837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    278763962                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1039886008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    466359837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         466578991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        265395565                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             265395565                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        265395565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    271531879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    466359837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    278763962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1305281573                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1238                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.722474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1238                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613647000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.722474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.545155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.545155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1244                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1244                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1264                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1264                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       841000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       841000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    215889840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    215889840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    216730840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    216730840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    216730840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    216730840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1244                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1244                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        42050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        42050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173544.887460                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173544.887460                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171464.272152                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171464.272152                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171464.272152                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171464.272152                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       824000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  93                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8860.215054                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1218                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1218                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       589100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       589100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    201027660                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    201027660                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    201616760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    201616760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    201616760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    201616760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        29455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        29455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161597.797428                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161597.797428                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 159506.930380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159506.930380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 159506.930380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159506.930380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           20                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        81920                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           20                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1620                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1429.845478                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1620                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.690741                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           66.111698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.629228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.214964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.962936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    24.253204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.039129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    935.915398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    387.718922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.016141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.228495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.094658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.349083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2535                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1213                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          256                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4071                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             542                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  542                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2535                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           67                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1213                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          320                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4135                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2555                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1039                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3733                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          317                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                318                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2555                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1356                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4051                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8038277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3148548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232516247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105445092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      349148164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32782208                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32782208                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8038277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3148548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232516247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    138227300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       381930372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8038277                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3148548                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232516247                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    138227300                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      381930372                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          542                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              542                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          381                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              382                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.355769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.678079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.802317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.478344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.832021                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.832461                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.355769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.678079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.809069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.494869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.355769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.678079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.809069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.494869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89314.188889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85095.891892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91004.401957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101487.095284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93530.180552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103413.905363                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103088.704403                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89314.188889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85095.891892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91004.401957                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101937.536873                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94280.516416                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89314.188889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85095.891892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91004.401957                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101937.536873                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94280.516416                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  84                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       84                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          317                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           317                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7546225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2944854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    218337654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99746094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    328574827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31021716                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31021716                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7546225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2944854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    218337654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130767810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    359596543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7546225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2944854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    218337654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130767810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    359596543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3191239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3191239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7059151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7059151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10250390                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10250390                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.355769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.678079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.802317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.476807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.832021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.829843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.355769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.678079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.809069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.493281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.355769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.678079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.809069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.493281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83846.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79590.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85455.050489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96002.015399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88302.829078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97860.302839                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97860.302839                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83846.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79590.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85455.050489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96436.438053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89053.131005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83846.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79590.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85455.050489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96436.438053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89053.131005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1803.846097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            9.405162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.391162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.154706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1203.187821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    538.707382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          427                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    539                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              84                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   84                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           82                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          427                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           82                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    543                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2128                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          961                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3194                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2128                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1272                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3506                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6962625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2674954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204346146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     95070830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      309054555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29725688                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29725688                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6962625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2674954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204346146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124796518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       338780243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6962625                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2674954                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204346146                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124796518                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      338780243                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           84                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               84                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          315                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              316                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.755556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.832877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.924928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.855612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.987302                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.987342                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.755556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.832877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.939439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.865893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.755556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.832877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.939439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.865893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102391.544118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106998.160000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96027.324248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98929.063476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96760.975266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95580.990354                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95274.641026                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102391.544118                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106998.160000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96027.324248                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98110.470126                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96628.705933                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102391.544118                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106998.160000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96027.324248                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98110.470126                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96628.705933                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6017531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2328165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174452573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81667299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    264465568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25304891                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25304891                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6017531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2328165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174452573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106972190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    289770459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6017531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2328165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174452573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106972190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    289770459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2841314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2841314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9157814                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9157814                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.755556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.832877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.924928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.852398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.987302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.755556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.832877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.939439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.862682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.755556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.832877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.939439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.862682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88493.102941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93126.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81979.592575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84981.580645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83113.000629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81366.209003                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81366.209003                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88493.102941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93126.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81979.592575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84097.633648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82957.474664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88493.102941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93126.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81979.592575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84097.633648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82957.474664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3257                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.697976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22047                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3257                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.769113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598616869300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.298296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.399680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.869921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25823                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25832                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25823                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25832                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4482                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4483                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4482                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4483                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    318671035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    318671035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    318671035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    318671035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    318671035                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    318671035                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.147896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.147881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.147896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.147881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.147896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.147881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71100.186301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71084.326344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71100.186301                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71084.326344                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71100.186301                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71084.326344                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    249459432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    249459432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    249459432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    249459432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    249459432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    249459432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.124336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.124336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.124336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66204.732484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66204.732484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66204.732484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66204.732484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66204.732484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66204.732484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           91                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.007468                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           91                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.659341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598748878300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.872959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.679560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.687967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          384                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          384                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          107                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          107                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4276596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4276596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4276596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4276596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4276596                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4276596                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.213115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.217923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.213115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.217923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.213115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.217923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 41121.115385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39968.186916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 41121.115385                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39968.186916                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 41121.115385                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39968.186916                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3936935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3936935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3936935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3936935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3936935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3936935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.213115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.211813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.213115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.211813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.213115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.211813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37855.144231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37855.144231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37855.144231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37855.144231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37855.144231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37855.144231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2616                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.917043                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           717                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.274083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598618933300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.817408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.099635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          793                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          793                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          793                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          793                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2626                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2633                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2626                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2633                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36231875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36231875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36231875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     36231875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36231875                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     36231875                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.768535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.768535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.768535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13797.362909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13760.681732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13797.362909                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13760.681732                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13797.362909                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13760.681732                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28112954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28112954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28112954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28112954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28112954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28112954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10705.618431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10705.618431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10705.618431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10705.618431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10705.618431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10705.618431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1165                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               425.133996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   26091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.395708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7598701690300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.501733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   424.632264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.829360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.830340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31874                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31874                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17358                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17359                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49232                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49233                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2409                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2410                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          397                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          398                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2806                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2808                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    215340246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    215340246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36614808                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36614808                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    251955054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    251955054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    251955054                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    251955054                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022414                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89389.890411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89352.799170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92228.735516                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91997.005025                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89791.537420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89727.583333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89791.537420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89727.583333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          542                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              542                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1124                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1124                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111657319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111657319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34207244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34207244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145864563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145864563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145864563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145864563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3330546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3330546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7327843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7327843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10658389                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10658389                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021797                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021794                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032321                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032321                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86221.867954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86221.867954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88390.811370                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88390.811370                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86720.905470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86720.905470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86720.905470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86720.905470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876762                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44228                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44228                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6863                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32093                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17753                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       195990                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                212505                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44228                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17753                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62652                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27632                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4315                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        162692                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          297                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          364                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30305                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4064                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             61                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       446807                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.883549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.359440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          385480     86.27%     86.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2746      0.61%     86.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2466      0.55%     87.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3303      0.74%     88.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4979      1.11%     89.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3697      0.83%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5762      1.29%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2776      0.62%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35598      7.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       446807                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050445                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.242375                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          193759                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       173553                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56752                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2243                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20497                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        379181                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20497                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          198885                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         109349                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        50658                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            53884                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13531                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        360622                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2894                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8881                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       397905                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       901646                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       901492                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          154                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       243144                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          154626                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1069                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1061                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36386                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47678                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27445                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3105                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1418                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            334969                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1789                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           296825                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1760                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       111907                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       168372                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          898                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       446807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.664325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.437184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       336865     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36595      8.19%     83.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23338      5.22%     88.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17998      4.03%     92.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12931      2.89%     95.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9858      2.21%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6516      1.46%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2198      0.49%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          508      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       446807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            725     47.98%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           399     26.41%     74.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          387     25.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3272      1.10%      1.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       228638     77.03%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41626     14.02%     92.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23279      7.84%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        296825                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.338547                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1511                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005091                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1044761                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       448743                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       282847                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        295035                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5090                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18159                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          133                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9636                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20497                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          93342                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1024                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       336758                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5247                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47678                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27445                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1390                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           551                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           47                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1449                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6546                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7995                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       288084                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39452                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8741                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61659                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29495                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22207                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.328577                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                283636                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               282864                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           186187                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           296096                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322623                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628806                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       120898                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6909                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       426399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.435638                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       352178     82.59%     82.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27460      6.44%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13757      3.23%     92.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11736      2.75%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6864      1.61%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3437      0.81%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2009      0.47%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2765      0.65%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6193      1.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       426399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117255                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        215776                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47290                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29487                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23904                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           213859                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6193                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              756737                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             694100                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2548                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 429955                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117255                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               215776                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117255                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.477395                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.477395                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.133736                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.133736                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          558385                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         309024                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         126253                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.079792                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2079792228564                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9678855382074                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  21055                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36733                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               21840982                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4995660                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 95224.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2004978835                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3497867089                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1470464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4150272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       817408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     60243456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    305904832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           372587712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     60243456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       60243456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    172232128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        172232128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        22976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        64848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       941304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4779763                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              5821683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2691127                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2691127                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       707024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1995522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       393024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     28966093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    147084323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              179146603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     28966093                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          28966093                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         82812180                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              82812180                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         82812180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       707024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1995522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       393024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     28966093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    147084323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             261958782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    23360                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.999329                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         11                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    23376                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.000471                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.988530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.010798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.999283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.000675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.999958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet               6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet              6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                 6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          358                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             372                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        22976                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           24                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          23000                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet            38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            23372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23334                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           23372                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     15294000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet       678008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15972008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4115917128                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      1907000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4117824128                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4131211128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      2585008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4133796136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4131211128                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      2585008                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4133796136                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           18                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        22976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           26                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23002                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          23378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         23378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.989362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.923077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999913                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42720.670391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 48429.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42935.505376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179139.847145                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 79458.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179035.831652                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177046.847004                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 68026.526316                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176869.593360                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177046.847004                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 68026.526316                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176869.593360                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     27501500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2587                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10630.653266                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          22992                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               22992                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        22976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     10829300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet       503800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11333100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3839084988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1612800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3840697788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3849914288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2116600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3852030888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3849914288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2116600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3852030888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999913                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30249.441341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 35985.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30465.322581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167091.094533                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet        67200                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166986.860348                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164991.612582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet        55700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164813.917850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164991.612582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet        55700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164813.917850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          359                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1470464                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          359                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      28767758                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2823.878106                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        76397107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      28770523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.655395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          671.132591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   105.123474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    31.679865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    581.578231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1434.363853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.163851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.007734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.141987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.350186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.689423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29106978                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1975447                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7902078                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     15904155                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               54888658                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        27204534                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             27204534                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1513711                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1513711                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12481017                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             12481017                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29106978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1975447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7902078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     28385172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                67369675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29106978                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1975447                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7902078                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     28385172                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               67369675                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1261778                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       425444                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7025456                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     14356945                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             23069623                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        18792                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             18792                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5002203                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            5002203                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1261778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       425444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7025456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     19359148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              28071826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1261778                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       425444                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7025456                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     19359148                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             28071826                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  32645802858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  10384794657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 228963600675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 533959731376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   805953929566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84913505                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     84913505                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 276856313994                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 276856313994                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  32645802858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  10384794657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 228963600675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 810816045370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1082810243560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  32645802858                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  10384794657                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 228963600675                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 810816045370                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1082810243560                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30368756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2400891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14927534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     30261100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           77958281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     27204534                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         27204534                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1532503                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1532503                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17483220                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         17483220                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30368756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2400891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14927534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     47744320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            95441501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30368756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2400891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14927534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     47744320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           95441501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.041549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.177203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.470637                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.474436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.295923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012262                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.012262                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.286115                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.286115                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.041549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.177203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.470637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.405475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.294126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.041549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.177203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.470637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.405475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.294126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25872.857870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24409.310407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32590.567883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37191.737614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34935.721731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  4518.598606                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4518.598606                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55346.876965                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55346.876965                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25872.857870                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24409.310407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32590.567883                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41882.837270                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38572.846795                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25872.857870                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24409.310407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32590.567883                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41882.837270                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38572.846795                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             9891086                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  9891086                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          364                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          351                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           45                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               765                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1261414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       425093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7025451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14356900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23068858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        18792                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        18792                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5002203                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       5002203                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1261414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       425093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7025451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19359103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         28071061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1261414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       425093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7025451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19359103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        28071061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  25810595948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8021169612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 189177271384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 453736088210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 676745125154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    808510432                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    808510432                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 249122305928                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 249122305928                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  25810595948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8021169612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 189177271384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 702858394138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 925867431082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  25810595948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8021169612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 189177271384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 702858394138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 925867431082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     90603298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     90603298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    214337765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    214337765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    304941063                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    304941063                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.041537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.177056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.470637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.474434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012262                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012262                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.286115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.041537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.177056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.470637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.405474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.294118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.041537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.177056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.470637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.405474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20461.637454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18869.211236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26927.420230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31604.043227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29335.874587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43024.182205                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43024.182205                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49802.518196                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49802.518196                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20461.637454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18869.211236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26927.420230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36306.351288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32982.986681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20461.637454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18869.211236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26927.420230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36306.351288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32982.986681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       5772100                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32336.964868                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        27162586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       5804457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          4.679608                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  8095479458375                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11853.416253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.173907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.267172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.007446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   508.711951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   132.152102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6413.348911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13427.887125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.361738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.195720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.409787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.986846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1196566                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       412321                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6084146                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11692692                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               19385725                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         9891086                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              9891086                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        12411                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               12411                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2886441                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              2886441                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1196566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       412321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6084146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     14579133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                22272166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1196566                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       412321                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6084146                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     14579133                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               22272166                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        64848                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12772                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       941305                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2664208                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3683133                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6419                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              6419                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2115724                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2115724                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        64848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       941305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4779932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               5798857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        64848                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12772                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       941305                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4779932                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              5798857                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6048084046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1209876200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87955232196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 249269793076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   344482985518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     52682475                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     52682475                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 196406453392                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 196406453392                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6048084046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1209876200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87955232196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 445676246468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    540889438910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6048084046                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1209876200                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87955232196                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 445676246468                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   540889438910                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1261414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       425093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7025451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14356900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           23068858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      9891086                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          9891086                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18830                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           18830                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5002165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          5002165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1261414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       425093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7025451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19359065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            28071023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1261414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       425093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7025451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19359065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           28071023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.185570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.159658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.340892                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.340892                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.422962                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.422962                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.246909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.206578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.246909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.206578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93265.544751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94728.797369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93439.673853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93562.436970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93529.879458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8207.271382                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8207.271382                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92831.793463                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92831.793463                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93265.544751                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94728.797369                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93439.673853                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93239.034879                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93275.181456                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93265.544751                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94728.797369                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93439.673853                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93239.034879                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93275.181456                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2668135                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2668135                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        64848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       941305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2664208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3683133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6419                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         6419                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2115724                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2115724                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        64848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       941305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4779932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          5798857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        64848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       941305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4779932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         5798857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5138451792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1031374460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74681563199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 211733195170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 292584584621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    503118824                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    503118824                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 166072703915                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 166072703915                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5138451792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1031374460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74681563199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 377805899085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 458657288536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5138451792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1031374460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74681563199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 377805899085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 458657288536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     80907114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     80907114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    188011384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    188011384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    268918498                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    268918498                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.185570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.159658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.340892                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340892                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.422962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.422962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.246909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.206578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.246909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.206578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79238.400444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80752.776386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79338.326259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79473.222500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79439.049478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78379.626733                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78379.626733                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78494.503024                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78494.503024                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79238.400444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80752.776386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79338.326259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79040.015441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79094.429909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79238.400444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80752.776386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79338.326259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79040.015441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79094.429909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          232                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                          584                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                          4                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                          6                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                     6                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    3139                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        10                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                         816                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                             5                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                      892                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     2246                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              3                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   5                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              14927592                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999864                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               479154577                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              14928104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 32.097484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    479146237                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      479146237                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    479146237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       479146237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    479146237                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      479146237                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16197171                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     16197171                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16197171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      16197171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16197171                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     16197171                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 431477170829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 431477170829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 431477170829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 431477170829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 431477170829                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 431477170829                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    495343408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    495343408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    495343408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    495343408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    495343408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    495343408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26639.045228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26639.045228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26639.045228                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26639.045228                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26639.045228                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26639.045228                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      9041173                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            224                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40362.379464                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1269500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1269500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1269500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1269500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1269500                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1269500                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14927671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14927671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14927671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     14927671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14927671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     14927671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 336921652940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 336921652940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 336921652940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 336921652940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 336921652940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 336921652940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22570.275895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22570.275895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22570.275895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22570.275895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22570.275895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22570.275895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2401734                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999641                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       8409211                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2401750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.501285                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8408980                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      8408980                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8408980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      8408980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8408980                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      8408980                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2401936                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2401936                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2401936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2401936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2401936                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2401936                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  40433777381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40433777381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  40433777381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  40433777381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  40433777381                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  40433777381                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10810916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10810916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10810916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     10810916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10810916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     10810916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.222177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.222177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.222177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.222177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.222177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.222177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16833.827954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16833.827954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16833.827954                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16833.827954                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16833.827954                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16833.827954                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2710                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2710                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2401936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2401936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2401936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2401936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2401936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2401936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  32763953699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32763953699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  32763953699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32763953699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  32763953699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32763953699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.222177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.222177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.222177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13640.643922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13640.643922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13640.643922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13640.643922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13640.643922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13640.643922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     30397251                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998888                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      59275091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     30397267                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.950014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     59274511                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     59274511                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     59274511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     59274511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     59274511                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     59274511                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30404873                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     30404873                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30404873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     30404873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30404873                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     30404873                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 391299349353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 391299349353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 391299349353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 391299349353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 391299349353                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 391299349353                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     89679384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     89679384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     89679384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     89679384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     89679384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     89679384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.339040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.339040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.339040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12869.626173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12869.626173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12869.626173                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12869.626173                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12869.626173                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12869.626173                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       512318                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       512318                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30404873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     30404873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30404873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     30404873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30404873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     30404873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 295850013344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 295850013344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 295850013344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 295850013344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 295850013344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 295850013344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9730.348597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9730.348597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9730.348597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9730.348597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9730.348597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9730.348597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              47744469                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999979                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               974675346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              47744981                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 20.414195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    724601417                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      724601417                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    248298730                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     248298730                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    972900147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       972900147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    972900147                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      972900147                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     47641852                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     47641852                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     19037669                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     19037669                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     66679521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      66679521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     66679521                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     66679521                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1540936477510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1540936477510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 536356846581                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 536356846581                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2077293324091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2077293324091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2077293324091                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2077293324091                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    772243269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    772243269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    267336399                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    267336399                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1039579668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1039579668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1039579668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1039579668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071212                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.071212                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.064141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.064141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32344.176660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32344.176660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28173.451623                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28173.451623                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31153.393020                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31153.393020                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31153.393020                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31153.393020                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     26689506                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         26689506                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     17376114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     17376114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        35990                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        35990                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     17412104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     17412104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     17412104                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     17412104                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     30265738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     30265738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19001679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     19001679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     49267417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     49267417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     49267417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     49267417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 753577198591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 753577198591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 464299098993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 464299098993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1217876297584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1217876297584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1217876297584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1217876297584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     94439306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     94439306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    224435489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    224435489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    318874795                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    318874795                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24898.689026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24898.689026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24434.635434                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24434.635434                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24719.710749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24719.710749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24719.710749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24719.710749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              6245622308                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       586460968                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    586460968                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     61690310                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    423997387                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       340883953                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1930283022                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3217736806                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          586460968                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    340883953                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            954244648                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      320977805                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          82075794                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    2176928220                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        76501                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1749816                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2472                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        495343611                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     29774065                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1123009                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5403071585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.046941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.494449                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4464829042     82.64%     82.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        58585681      1.08%     83.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        57655399      1.07%     84.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        84615526      1.57%     86.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        64094321      1.19%     87.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        77439998      1.43%     88.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        58221380      1.08%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        64995785      1.20%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       472634453      8.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5403071585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.093900                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.515199                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1995512009                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2233246076                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        876578908                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     40023480                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     257711112                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    5524392904                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         2079                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     257711112                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2081739367                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1803080020                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     58844687                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        822714688                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    378981711                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5366411280                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      2942717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      55150541                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    304485074                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1832202                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6012532417                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  13522707503                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  13478651726                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     44055777                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   3956488655                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2056043872                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3286040                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3284373                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        794429208                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1045720291                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    405862036                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     65147109                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     39913232                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5136052807                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      5614780                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4518780653                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      9415203                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1587511156                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2351111922                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      2206431                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5403071585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.836336                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.472180                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3542243380     65.56%     65.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    694611106     12.86%     78.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    463423797      8.58%     86.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    281249257      5.21%     92.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    192518361      3.56%     95.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    126547213      2.34%     98.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     71586848      1.32%     99.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     25889399      0.48%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      5002224      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5403071585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6222337     31.37%     31.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     31.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     31.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        23991      0.12%     31.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     31.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     31.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     31.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     31.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     31.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     31.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     31.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     31.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     31.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     31.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     31.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     31.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     31.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     31.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     31.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       8849946     44.61%     76.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      4741057     23.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     30933064      0.68%      0.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3245449968     71.82%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      6824426      0.15%     72.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    894564713     19.80%     92.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    341008482      7.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4518780653                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.723512                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           19837331                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004390                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  14466999546                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   6707220444                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4377444859                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     26733972                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     22696149                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12438887                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4494358771                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       13326149                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    100042772                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    342236986                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       844047                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       774440                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    138528760                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       214292                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          688                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     257711112                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1287689475                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     26695011                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5141667587                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29616085                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1045720291                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    405862042                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      5200380                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       8517109                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      3123528                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       774440                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     42178768                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     23993505                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     66172273                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4449945295                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    872589691                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     68835355                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1207575525                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       430171656                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         334985834                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.712490                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4403123215                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4389883746                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3058091058                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4732901884                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.702874                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.646134                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1655606704                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      3408349                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     61879931                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   5146076735                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.677839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.719615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   4045893574     78.62%     78.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    391514448      7.61%     86.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    168203344      3.27%     89.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    206033211      4.00%     93.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     76432681      1.49%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     45606360      0.89%     95.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     33829164      0.66%     96.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23057548      0.45%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    155506405      3.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   5146076735                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1999761416                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3488212353                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             970816604                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            703483317                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             183002                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         367225811                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           9989975                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3466525233                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    155506405                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         10133552176                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        10546393882                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               16824562                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              842550723                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1999761416                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3488212353                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1999761416                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.123184                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.123184                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.320186                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.320186                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      8664989744                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     4885235727                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         11823035                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9021669                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2145512746                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3124689                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        75360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        37560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        43614968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data         7391910                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           51123014                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     43614968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      43614968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet          456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      5299181                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total         6532533                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         9420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         4695                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          5451871                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1134068                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total             6600380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          711889                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             731172                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        36234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        18059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           20970829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            3554158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              24580827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      20970829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         20970829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       592798                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               219                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           2547938                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              3140955                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       593955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        36234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        18059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          20970829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           6102096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             27721782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                         584                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         232                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                         6                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                         4                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    2                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    4                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   3139                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       10                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                        816                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                            5                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    2246                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     892                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             3                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  5                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     6241417414                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   4143434                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                     7751207                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             7718516                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 4294                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       579921                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                    7718516                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        4294                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          19853866                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          8881105                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               6618                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              2907                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     1849484                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1135864                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   713620                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             6232362093.172296                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             9055320.827705                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001451                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998549                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
