
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 100202                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   179974                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               52849888                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490120                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549777                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987468                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        70016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              251776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        52288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            52288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    183630213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6400572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    433031824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    241456073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              868270742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    433031824                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         433473243                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        180319572                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             180319572                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        180319572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    183630213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6400572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    433031824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    241456073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1048590314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      830                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.243234                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      830                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971064594000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.243234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.515202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.515202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            832                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             846                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       600000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       600000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    146480896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    146480896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    147080896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    147080896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    147080896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    147080896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42857.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42857.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176058.769231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176058.769231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173854.486998                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173854.486998                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173854.486998                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173854.486998                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       795000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  66                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 12045.454545                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            817                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 817                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       428500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       428500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    136460684                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136460684                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    136889184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    136889184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    136889184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    136889184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30607.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30607.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164015.245192                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164015.245192                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161807.546099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161807.546099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161807.546099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161807.546099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           13                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        53248                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           13                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           217                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1684.847740                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           217                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.576037                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           82.455027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.797320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.128562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1106.221472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    460.245435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.020131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.270074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.112365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.411340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2347                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2078                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          549                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5053                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             592                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  592                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          102                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  102                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2347                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2078                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          651                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5155                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1993                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          823                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2863                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1993                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1102                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3142                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3055197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       836635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205047575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86551940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      295491347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28723295                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28723295                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3055197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       836635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205047575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115275235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       324214642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3055197                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       836635                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205047575                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115275235                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      324214642                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          592                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              592                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          381                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              381                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.102273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.489560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.599854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.361673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.732283                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.732283                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.102273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.489560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.628637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.378691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.102273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.489560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.628637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.378691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105351.620690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92959.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102883.881084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105166.391252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103210.390150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102950.878136                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102950.878136                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105351.620690                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92959.444444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102883.881084                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104605.476407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103187.346276                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105351.620690                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92959.444444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102883.881084                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104605.476407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103187.346276                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  11                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       11                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2896697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       786950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194045276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82047343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279776266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27175295                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27175295                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2896697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       786950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194045276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109222638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    306951561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2896697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       786950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194045276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109222638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    306951561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3182264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3182264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7056651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7056651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10238915                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10238915                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.102273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.489560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.599854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.732283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.102273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.489560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.628637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.377606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.102273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.489560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.628637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99886.103448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87438.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97363.409935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99693.004860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98029.525578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97402.491039                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97402.491039                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99886.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87438.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97363.409935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99113.101633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97973.686882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99886.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87438.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97363.409935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99113.101633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97973.686882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1660.342090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.808325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.368699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.961805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1136.184242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    486.019096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.050670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     38                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              11                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   11                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      38                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     38                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          817                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2825                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1095                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3103                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2796397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       744950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186900380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79085718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      269527445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26146394                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26146394                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2796397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       744950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186900380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105232112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       295673839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2796397                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       744950                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186900380                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105232112                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      295673839                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           11                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               11                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              278                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.986727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.987902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.987902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96427.482759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93118.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95260.132518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96800.144431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95407.945133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94051.776978                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94051.776978                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96427.482759                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93118.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95260.132518                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96102.385388                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95286.445053                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96427.482759                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93118.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95260.132518                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96102.385388                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95286.445053                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2394572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       633237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159327282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67675262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230030353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22182510                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22182510                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2394572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       633237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159327282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89857772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    252212863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2394572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       633237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159327282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89857772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    252212863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.985037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82571.448276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79154.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81206.565749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82833.858017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81686.915128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79793.201439                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79793.201439                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82571.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79154.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81206.565749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82061.892237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81516.762443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82571.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79154.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81206.565749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82061.892237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81516.762443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3561                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               416.612450                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   26872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  7.546195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971187730377                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.434924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   416.177526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.812847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.813696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30554                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          30573                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           30573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30554                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          30573                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4698                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4700                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4698                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4700                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    292228745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    292228745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    292228745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    292228745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    292228745                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    292228745                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.133246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.133246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133269                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.133246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62202.797999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62176.328723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62202.797999                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62176.328723                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62202.797999                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62176.328723                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          627                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          627                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229494298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229494298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229494298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229494298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229494298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229494298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.115483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.115483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.115483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56372.954557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56372.954557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56372.954557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56372.954557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56372.954557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56372.954557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           80                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.587630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           80                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.450000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.332592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.255038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.020787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.578440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.599227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          198                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          198                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          198                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          198                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           91                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1969998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1969998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1969998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1969998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1969998                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1969998                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.307692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.314879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.307692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.314879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.307692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.314879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22386.340909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21648.329670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22386.340909                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21648.329670                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22386.340909                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21648.329670                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           88                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           88                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1693002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1693002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1693002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1693002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1693002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1693002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19238.659091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19238.659091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19238.659091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19238.659091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19238.659091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19238.659091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2364                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.336235                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.104907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.064790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.271445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.066549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.766965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.833515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          325                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          325                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2377                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2380                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2377                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2380                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30707947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30707947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30707947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     30707947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30707947                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     30707947                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.879852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.879852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.879852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12918.782920                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12902.498739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12918.782920                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12902.498739                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12918.782920                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12902.498739                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23388877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23388877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23388877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23388877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23388877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23388877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9839.662179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9839.662179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9839.662179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9839.662179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9839.662179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9839.662179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1261                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               355.871732                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   40070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 31.776368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.249764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   355.621968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.694574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.695062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34330                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34330                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20699                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20699                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        55029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           55029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        55029                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          55029                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2703                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2704                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          392                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          392                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3095                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3096                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    206980395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    206980395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32523293                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32523293                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    239503688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    239503688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    239503688                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    239503688                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        37033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        37034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21091                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21091                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        58125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        58125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.073014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018586                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018586                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76574.322974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76546.004068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82967.584184                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82967.584184                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77384.067205                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77359.072351                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77384.067205                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77359.072351                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          592                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              592                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1341                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1341                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     95015996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95015996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30279872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30279872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125295868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125295868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125295868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125295868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3321246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3321246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7324254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7324254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10645500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10645500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018112                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018112                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69253.641399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69253.641399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79266.680628                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79266.680628                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71434.360319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71434.360319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71434.360319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71434.360319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  822606                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           49004                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        49004                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7355                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        36033                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21613                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       202437                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                228224                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              49004                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21613                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                70064                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27914                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        163619                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           21                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          306                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35252                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4516                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             31                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       458151                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.952051                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.428050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          389811     85.08%     85.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3046      0.66%     85.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2725      0.59%     86.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3929      0.86%     87.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6244      1.36%     88.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4139      0.90%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6265      1.37%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3297      0.72%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           38695      8.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       458151                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.059572                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.277440                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          198038                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       174053                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            64036                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1763                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20248                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        419710                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20248                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          203372                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         101888                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        59623                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60371                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12636                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        398807                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2901                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7682                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          129                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       437958                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       998496                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       998406                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284934                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          153013                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1387                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1387                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36933                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49685                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30541                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2285                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1148                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            369247                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           335492                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1548                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       109346                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       154829                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          996                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       458151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.732274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.499792                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       335219     73.17%     73.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        40118      8.76%     81.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        26138      5.71%     87.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        19977      4.36%     91.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14883      3.25%     95.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10826      2.36%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         7924      1.73%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2567      0.56%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          499      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       458151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            883     50.26%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           451     25.67%     75.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          423     24.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4005      1.19%      1.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       259702     77.41%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        44971     13.40%     92.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26804      7.99%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        335492                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.407840                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1757                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005237                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1133298                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       480845                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       320296                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        333230                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5552                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16502                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          128                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9404                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           28                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20248                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          89485                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          896                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       371395                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5769                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49685                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30541                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1764                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           466                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           41                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1815                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6608                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8423                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       325728                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42693                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9764                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68432                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33886                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25739                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.395971                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                321068                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               320305                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           208779                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           340345                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.389378                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613433                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       117979                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7393                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       438051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.578476                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.542786                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       352787     80.54%     80.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30597      6.98%     87.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16322      3.73%     91.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13274      3.03%     94.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8160      1.86%     96.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3365      0.77%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2329      0.53%     97.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2836      0.65%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8381      1.91%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       438051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133968                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253402                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54316                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33180                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27962                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251350                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8381                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              800849                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             763257                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2476                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 364455                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                3022                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133968                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253402                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133968                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.140317                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.140317                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.162858                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.162858                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          646228                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         349320                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         140198                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003924                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003923684701                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975426463110                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  70427                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   135783                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            10164853760                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4550172                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1967.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   138596416                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     267213765                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           611456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        12352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       466048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1442624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             3598336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       466048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         466048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1834048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          1834048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              9554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           78                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         7282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        22541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                56224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          28657                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               28657                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               30567                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        23298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        72117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 179882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        23298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             23298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            91684                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 91684                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            91684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              30567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        23298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        72117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                271566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    28953                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.960812                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       8649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    28968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.298571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.956422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.000274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.934776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.935051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           2736                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              2736                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           335                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              335                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            3071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               3071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           3071                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              3071                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        15991                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           16251                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        18334                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          34974                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         34325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            51225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        34325                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           51225                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11089000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet    651090991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    662179991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2928498920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1197577000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4126075920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2939587920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1848667991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4788255911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2939587920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1848667991                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4788255911                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        18727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         18987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        18669                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35309                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        37396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          54296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        37396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         54296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.855901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.982056                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.990512                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.943440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.943440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        42650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40716.089738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40747.030398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175991.521635                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 65320.006545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117975.522388                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173940.113609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 53857.771042                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93474.981181                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173940.113609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 53857.771042                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93474.981181                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21631700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1888                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11457.468220                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          26086                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               26086                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        15991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        18334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34974                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        34325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        34325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      7895500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    452039800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    459935300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2727949392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    970748900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3698698292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2735844892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1422788700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4158633592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2735844892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1422788700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4158633592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.855901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.982056                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990512                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30367.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28268.388469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28301.969110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163939.266346                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 52948.014618                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105755.655401                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161884.313136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41450.508376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81183.671879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161884.313136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41450.508376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81183.671879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        351000                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4023.157834                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         5044438                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        355048                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         14.207763                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          658.440184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.015784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.000278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    25.144873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     7.294491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2449.038162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    882.224047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.160752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.597910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.215387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.982216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       759367                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        34624                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3520158                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       388692                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                4702841                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          362296                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               362296                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15429                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               15429                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        92541                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                92541                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       759367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        34624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3520158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       481233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 4795382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       759367                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        34624                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3520158                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       481233                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                4795382                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2173                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          666                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       214534                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       107576                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               324949                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        13682                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             13682                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        30112                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              30112                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       214534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       137688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                355061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2173                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          666                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       214534                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       137688                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               355061                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     61801810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     20935770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5180087271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3762550160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     9025375011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    345869368                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    345869368                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1817127167                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1817127167                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     61801810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     20935770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5180087271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5579677327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     10842502178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     61801810                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     20935770                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5180087271                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5579677327                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    10842502178                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       761540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        35290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3734692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       496268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            5027790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       362296                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           362296                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29111                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           29111                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       122653                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           122653                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       761540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        35290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3734692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       618921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             5150443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       761540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        35290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3734692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       618921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            5150443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.216770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.064631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.469994                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.469994                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.245506                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.245506                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.222465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.068938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.222465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.068938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28440.777727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31435.090090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24145.763706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34975.739570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27774.743147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25279.152755                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25279.152755                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60345.615270                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60345.615270                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28440.777727                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31435.090090                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24145.763706                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40524.064022                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30537.012451                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28440.777727                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31435.090090                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24145.763706                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40524.064022                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30537.012451                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks               57647                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                    57647                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       214531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       107563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          324933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        13682                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        13682                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        30112                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         30112                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       214531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       137675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           355045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       214531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       137675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          355045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     50133034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17290147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3955775105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3163325916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7186524202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    892126138                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    892126138                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1648857866                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1648857866                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     50133034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17290147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3955775105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4812183782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8835382068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     50133034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17290147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3955775105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4812183782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8835382068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3405871151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3405871151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4961990811                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4961990811                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8367861962                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8367861962                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.216744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.469994                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469994                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.245506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.245506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057443                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.222444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.068935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002853                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057443                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.222444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23070.885412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25961.181682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18439.177112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29409.052518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22116.941653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65204.366175                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65204.366175                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54757.500863                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54757.500863                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23070.885412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25961.181682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18439.177112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34953.214324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24885.245724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23070.885412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25961.181682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18439.177112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34953.214324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24885.245724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                          6365                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     29907.534894                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          334330                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         36864                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          9.069282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10084.294969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.004338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.121497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                     2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data                     1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   152.411569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    56.552298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   8732.133994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  10877.016229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.307748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.266484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.331940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.912706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1980                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          588                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       207248                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        79047                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 288863                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks           57647                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                57647                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          100                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 100                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14373                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                14373                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       207248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        93420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  303236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1980                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          588                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       207248                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        93420                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 303236                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          193                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           78                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7283                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        28516                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                36070                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        16432                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16432                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        12889                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              12889                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        41405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 48959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          193                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           78                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7283                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        41405                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                48959                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18061034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7288293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    681593153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1700666148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2407608628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    263657123                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    263657123                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1109843352                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1109843352                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18061034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7288293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    681593153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2810509500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      3517451980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18061034                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7288293                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    681593153                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2810509500                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     3517451980                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       214531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       107563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             324933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        57647                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total            57647                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16532                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           16532                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        27262                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            27262                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       214531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       134825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              352195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       214531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       134825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             352195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.088817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.117117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.265110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.111008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993951                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.993951                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.472783                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.472783                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.088817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.117117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.307102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.139011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.088817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.117117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.307102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.139011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93580.487047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93439.653846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93586.867088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59639.014869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66748.229221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16045.345850                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16045.345850                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86107.793622                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86107.793622                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93580.487047                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93439.653846                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93586.867088                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67878.505011                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71844.849364                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93580.487047                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93439.653846                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93586.867088                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67878.505011                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71844.849364                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks                2571                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                     2571                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           78                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        16432                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16432                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12889                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         12889                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           78                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            48959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           78                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           48959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15360546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6195019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    578983429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1299742144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1900281138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    875752308                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    875752308                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    925112913                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    925112913                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15360546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6195019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    578983429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2224855057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2825394051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15360546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6195019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    578983429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2224855057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2825394051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3035455294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3035455294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4408945700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4408945700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7444400994                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7444400994                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.088817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.117117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.265110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993951                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993951                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.472783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.472783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.088817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.117117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.307102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.139011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.088817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.117117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033948                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.307102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79588.321244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79423.320513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79497.930660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45579.399074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52683.147713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53295.539679                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53295.539679                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71775.383117                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71775.383117                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79588.321244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79423.320513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79497.930660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53733.970704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57709.390531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79588.321244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79423.320513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79497.930660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53733.970704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57709.390531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       300156                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       377615                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       4332                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       3651                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  2505                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  3646                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  271055                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      7983                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                      677771                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           399                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   120039                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   151016                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            217                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            183                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                7762                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               3734694                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                 9956609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               3735206                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.665612                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9950958                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        9950958                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9950958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         9950958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9950958                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        9950958                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3889041                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3889041                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3889041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       3889041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3889041                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      3889041                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  48875138414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48875138414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  48875138414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  48875138414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  48875138414                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  48875138414                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13839999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13839999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13839999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     13839999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13839999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     13839999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.281000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.281000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.281000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.281000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.281000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.281000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12567.401170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12567.401170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12567.401170                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12567.401170                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12567.401170                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12567.401170                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        96875                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 32291.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       154341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       154341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       154341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       154341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       154341                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       154341                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3734700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3734700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3734700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3734700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3734700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3734700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33954028601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33954028601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33954028601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33954028601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33954028601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33954028601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.269848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.269848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.269848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9091.500951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9091.500951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9091.500951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9091.500951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9091.500951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9091.500951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        35335                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999884                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         53764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        35351                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.520862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972579860300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        53534                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        53534                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        53534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        53534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        53534                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        53534                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        35535                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        35535                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        35535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        35535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        35535                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        35535                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    634199044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    634199044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    634199044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    634199044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    634199044                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    634199044                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        89069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        89069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        89069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        89069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        89069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        89069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.398960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.398960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.398960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.398960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.398960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.398960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17847.166005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17847.166005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17847.166005                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17847.166005                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17847.166005                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17847.166005                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           83                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        35535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        35535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        35535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    525983693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    525983693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    525983693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    525983693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    525983693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    525983693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.398960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.398960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.398960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14801.848684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14801.848684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14801.848684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14801.848684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14801.848684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14801.848684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       761908                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         47534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       761924                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.062387                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        47019                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        47019                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        47019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        47019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        47019                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        47019                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       762153                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       762153                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       762153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       762153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       762153                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       762153                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11979614051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11979614051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11979614051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  11979614051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11979614051                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  11979614051                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       809172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       809172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       809172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       809172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       809172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       809172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.941892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.941892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.941892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.941892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.941892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.941892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15718.122281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15718.122281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15718.122281                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15718.122281                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15718.122281                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15718.122281                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          224                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          224                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       762153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       762153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       762153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       762153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       762153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       762153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9654774088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9654774088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9654774088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9654774088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9654774088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9654774088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.941892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.941892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.941892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.941892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.941892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.941892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12667.763675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12667.763675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12667.763675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12667.763675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12667.763675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12667.763675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                610304                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               499.942793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                29243185                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                610809                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 47.876153                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          4971516385300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   499.942793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.976451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.976451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     18289040                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       18289040                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     10915004                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      10915004                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     29204044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        29204044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     29204044                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       29204044                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       766281                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       766281                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       153393                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       153393                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       919674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        919674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       919674                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       919674                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18853619165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18853619165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4792233861                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4792233861                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23645853026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23645853026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23645853026                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23645853026                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19055321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19055321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11068397                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     11068397                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     30123718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     30123718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     30123718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     30123718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013859                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013859                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24604.054081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24604.054081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31241.542059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31241.542059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25711.124840                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25711.124840                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25711.124840                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25711.124840                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       361989                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           361989                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       269463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       269463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       271842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       271842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       271842                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       271842                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       496818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       496818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       151014                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       151014                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       647832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       647832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       647832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       647832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9526367938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9526367938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4211908755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4211908755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13738276693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13738276693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13738276693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13738276693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3554051631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3554051631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5164826004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5164826004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8718877635                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8718877635                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013644                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013644                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19174.764075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19174.764075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27890.849557                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27890.849557                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21206.542272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21206.542272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21206.542272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21206.542272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               229796714                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        17544788                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17544788                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2410297                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     15139795                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits         9087842                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    115432721                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              83827016                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           17544788                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      9087842                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             28032471                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        8111888                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            352926                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      49876942                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       163415                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        81144                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         13840001                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1686399                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          15692                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    199492214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.821342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.263793                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       172269290     86.35%     86.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         2584473      1.30%     87.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1288559      0.65%     88.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2031733      1.02%     89.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         1688804      0.85%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1935209      0.97%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1963002      0.98%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1463949      0.73%     92.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        14267195      7.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    199492214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.076349                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.364788                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       113534989                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     53860364                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         26075862                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       468441                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       5552558                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     160290401                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           90                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       5552558                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       115094151                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        7336804                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     43870648                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         24999585                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      2638468                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     155319586                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        13054                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        162967                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      1301580                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5680                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    170774861                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    387544800                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    384682696                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      2862104                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    130683165                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        40091807                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1026979                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1044951                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         10045354                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22817403                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     13824644                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1735966                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1026899                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         148066534                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1309928                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        140009694                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       285928                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     28562476                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40107369                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       341976                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    199492214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.701830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.452632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    146040915     73.21%     73.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18496144      9.27%     82.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12384783      6.21%     88.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7979285      4.00%     92.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6098856      3.06%     95.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4297098      2.15%     97.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2705302      1.36%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1225245      0.61%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       264586      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    199492214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         277620     33.99%     33.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     33.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     33.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        27259      3.34%     37.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     37.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     37.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     37.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     37.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     37.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     37.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     37.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     37.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     37.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     37.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     37.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     37.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     37.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     37.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     37.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        293083     35.89%     73.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       218690     26.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1229581      0.88%      0.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103521614     73.94%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       759121      0.54%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.36% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21604627     15.43%     90.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     12894751      9.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     140009694                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.609276                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             816652                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005833                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    478963311                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    176494353                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    135048798                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1909606                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1470306                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       864979                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     138634579                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         962186                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1874945                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4781109                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        29494                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        26613                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2719199                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        46883                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       5552558                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        5978338                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        74885                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149376462                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1352247                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22817403                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     13824644                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1181829                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         28295                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         6114                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        26613                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       955194                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1737441                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2692635                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    137553299                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20998250                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2456395                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            33597943                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        13886335                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          12599693                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.598587                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             136154336                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            135913777                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         87595814                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        135949836                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.591452                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644325                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     31669312                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       967952                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2417006                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    194042569                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.605663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.541092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    153488900     79.10%     79.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14647771      7.55%     86.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7302375      3.76%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7426572      3.83%     94.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3783004      1.95%     96.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1572977      0.81%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1260435      0.65%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1051631      0.54%     98.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3508904      1.81%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    194042569                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     61025931                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     117524397                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              29141753                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             18036305                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             101532                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          12290245                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            697469                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        116380061                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      3508904                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           339452416                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          303955714                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                1685534                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               30304500                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59840369899                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           61025931                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            117524397                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     61025931                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.765559                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.765559                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.265565                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.265565                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       270560160                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      147252659                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          1526095                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          814541                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       63356173                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        986427                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          592735                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       258680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        65424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       816142712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       139188656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          956253991                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    816142712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     816142712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet       515276                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     92617179                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        96093863                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            19281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        32335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         8178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        102017839                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         21855684                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           123934040                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           18244                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        13602928                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           13667444                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              29631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           40799131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            6958068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              47803321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      40799131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         40799131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             25759                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           4629951                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              4803751                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             55390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        12931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          40799131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          11588018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             52607072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      377615                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      300156                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      3651                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      4332                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 2731                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 4327                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 271055                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     7983                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                     677771                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          399                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  151016                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  120039                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           183                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           217                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               6859                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60072371099                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  76488532                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   147763862                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           146529972                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               486964                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     10018852                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  146529972                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      486964                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         374874055                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        165770115                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             811908                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            396903                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    35512771                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  21875948                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 13636823                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59899594713.226952                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             172776385.773044                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.002876                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.997124                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
