
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 189574                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   336648                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              105777217                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      519490                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        922523                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        65024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              284800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1016                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    436286091                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    224325237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              982526874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    436286091                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         436948468                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    436286091                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    224325237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1289870112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.176965                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083048515000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.176965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.573560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.573560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       926000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       926000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247802824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    247802824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    248728824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    248728824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    248728824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    248728824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175996.323864                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175996.323864                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173936.240559                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173936.240559                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173936.240559                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173936.240559                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1714500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 152                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11279.605263                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       657800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       657800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230836792                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230836792                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231494592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231494592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231494592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231494592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        29900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        29900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163946.585227                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163946.585227                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161884.330070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161884.330070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161884.330070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161884.330070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           154                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1813.752454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              49                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           154                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.318182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          118.817670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.252446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.731004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1228.586409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    428.365068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.029008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.299948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.104581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.442811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2371                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           86                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2258                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          591                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5309                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             636                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  636                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           86                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2371                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           86                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2258                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          665                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5383                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1998                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          694                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2739                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          333                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                336                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1998                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1027                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3075                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3146478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205827675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73028403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      282408333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34269077                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34269077                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3146478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205827675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107297480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       316677410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3146478                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405777                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205827675                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107297480                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      316677410                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          636                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              636                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          407                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              410                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.044444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.469455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.540078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.340333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.818182                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.819512                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.044444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.469455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.606974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.363561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.044444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.469455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.606974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.363561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104882.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101444.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103016.854354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105228.246398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103106.364732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102910.141141                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101991.300595                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104882.600000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101444.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103016.854354                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104476.611490                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102984.523577                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104882.600000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101444.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103016.854354                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104476.611490                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102984.523577                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  12                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       12                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2982678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194791661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69246702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    267404418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32420777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32420777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2982678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194791661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101667479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    299825195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2982678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194791661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101667479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    299825195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3820922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3820922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7501863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7501863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11322785                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11322785                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.044444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.469455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.540078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.818182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.812195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.044444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.469455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.606974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.361669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.044444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.469455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.606974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99422.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95844.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97493.323824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99779.109510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98094.063830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97359.690691                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97359.690691                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99422.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95844.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97493.323824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98994.624148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98014.120628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99422.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95844.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97493.323824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98994.624148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98014.120628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1742.414327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            2.788115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.768240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.731200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1254.466719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    445.660195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     30                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              12                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   12                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     30                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1976                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          686                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2709                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          331                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                334                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1976                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1017                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3043                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2878509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187752008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66714998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      257715692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31116444                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     31116444                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2878509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187752008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97831442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       288832136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2878509                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370177                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187752008                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97831442                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      288832136                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           12                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               12                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          331                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              334                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.989047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.990238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.990238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95950.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92544.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95016.198381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97252.183673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95133.145810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94007.383686                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93163.005988                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95950.300000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92544.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95016.198381                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96196.108161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94916.903056                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95950.300000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92544.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95016.198381                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96196.108161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94916.903056                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2461753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159968562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57177964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    219921879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26389963                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26389963                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2461753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159968562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83567927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    246311842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2461753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159968562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83567927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    246311842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.985031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82058.433333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80955.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83349.801749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81573.397255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79727.984894                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79727.984894                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82058.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80955.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82171.019666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81371.602907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82058.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80955.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82171.019666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81371.602907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3747                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               440.684304                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3747                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  4.706966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083157788000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.489421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   440.194883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.859756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.860712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20798                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20815                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           20815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20798                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          20815                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4913                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4916                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4913                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4916                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299369709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    299369709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299369709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    299369709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299369709                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    299369709                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.191086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.191054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.191086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.191054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.191086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.191054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60934.196825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60897.011595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60934.196825                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60897.011595                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60934.196825                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60897.011595                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          657                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          657                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234170093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    234170093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234170093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    234170093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234170093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    234170093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.165532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.165532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.165532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55021.168468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55021.168468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55021.168468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55021.168468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55021.168468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55021.168468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           86                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.070068                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           86                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.674419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.344609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.725460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.084038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.545341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.629379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          245                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          245                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          245                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          245                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           97                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           97                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1677537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1677537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1677537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1677537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1677537                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1677537                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.268657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.283626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.268657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.283626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.268657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.283626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18639.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17294.195876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18639.300000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17294.195876                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18639.300000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17294.195876                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1395508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1395508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1395508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1395508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1395508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1395508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.268657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.268657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.268657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15505.644444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15505.644444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15505.644444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15505.644444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15505.644444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15505.644444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2392                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.097491                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2392                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.101171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.091013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.006478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.812905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          320                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          320                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          320                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          320                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2402                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2408                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2402                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2408                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33677685                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33677685                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33677685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     33677685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33677685                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     33677685                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.882698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.882698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.882698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14020.684846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13985.749585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14020.684846                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13985.749585                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14020.684846                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13985.749585                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26306966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26306966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26306966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     26306966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26306966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     26306966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10952.109076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10952.109076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10952.109076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10952.109076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10952.109076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10952.109076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1202                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               378.215967                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   25335                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1202                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 21.077371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.008418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   377.207550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.736733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.738703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27328                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27329                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16163                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16167                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43491                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43496                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2184                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2184                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          421                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          424                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2605                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2608                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146171860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146171860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38339155                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38339155                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    184511015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    184511015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    184511015                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    184511015                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16584                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16591                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.074001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025386                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025556                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66928.507326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66928.507326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91066.876485                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90422.535377                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70829.564299                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70748.088574                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70829.564299                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70748.088574                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          636                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              636                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82120400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82120400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35754841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35754841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117875241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117875241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117875241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117875241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3986598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3986598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7789901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7789901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11776499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11776499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024602                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024592                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63857.231726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63857.231726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87634.414216                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87634.414216                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69583.967532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69583.967532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69583.967532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69583.967532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  772639                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38079                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38079                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6222                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        28470                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15158                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       178686                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                184369                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38079                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15158                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                54103                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24214                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1724                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        160201                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           27                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          388                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25711                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3855                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             35                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       412885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.824777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.289721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          359919     87.17%     87.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2552      0.62%     87.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1979      0.48%     88.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2886      0.70%     88.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3887      0.94%     89.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3724      0.90%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5155      1.25%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            1992      0.48%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30791      7.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       412885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.049284                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.238622                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          174071                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       170090                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            48640                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2322                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17756                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        327221                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17756                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          178250                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         105527                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        53030                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            46715                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11602                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        311276                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2378                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7739                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          124                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       341086                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       770197                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       770107                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       211735                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          129341                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          966                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          976                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            29852                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        40109                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        25050                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2155                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1181                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            290157                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1633                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           259772                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1483                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        94812                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       136342                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          819                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       412885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.629163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.402175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       316404     76.63%     76.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        32019      7.75%     84.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20409      4.94%     89.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16266      3.94%     93.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11381      2.76%     96.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8641      2.09%     98.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5379      1.30%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1954      0.47%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          432      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       412885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            504     38.74%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           423     32.51%     71.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          374     28.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2888      1.11%      1.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       199516     76.80%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35671     13.73%     91.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21687      8.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        259772                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.336214                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1301                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005008                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       936082                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       386706                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       247406                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        258171                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4181                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14937                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           96                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8419                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           34                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17756                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92163                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          702                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       291790                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4788                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        40109                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        25050                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1215                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           273                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           97                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          161                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1163                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6151                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7314                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       252276                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        33759                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7496                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54502                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25607                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20743                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.326512                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                248127                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               247415                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           160572                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           251836                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.320221                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637605                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       103148                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          813                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6274                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       395189                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.477311                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.397879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       330026     83.51%     83.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24214      6.13%     89.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12364      3.13%     92.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10043      2.54%     95.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5964      1.51%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3047      0.77%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1674      0.42%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2434      0.62%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5423      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       395189                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       103756                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        188628                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 41800                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25170                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20568                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           186786                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5423                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              681414                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             601441                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2633                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 359754                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97793                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             103756                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               188628                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       103756                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.446692                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.446692                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134288                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134288                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          485821                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         269124                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         110424                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           659                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.008994                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60008993656947                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65092501281726                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  79147                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   154692                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            21533091423                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4547680                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2786.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   220569967                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     431100756                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3435008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            51904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       616704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      4708416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             8838976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       616704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         616704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4492608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          4492608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        53672                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               811                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         9636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        73569                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               138109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          70197                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               70197                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        57242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        10277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        78462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 147294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        10277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             10277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            74866                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 74866                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            74866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        57242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        10277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        78462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                222160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    71517                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.887319                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    71532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.251955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.635364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.015747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.914710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.930457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             21                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                21                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             22                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                22                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        42402                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           45932                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         3000                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          54200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         45402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           100132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        45402                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          100132                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    506915664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4887009184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5393924848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8982119600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    156501000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9138620600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9489035264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   5043510184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  14532545448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9489035264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   5043510184                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  14532545448                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        42423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         45953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         3001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54201                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        45424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         100154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        45424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        100154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999667                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999982                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 143602.171105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 115254.214047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117432.832187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175432.023438                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet        52167                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168609.236162                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173379.047396                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111085.639047                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145133.877761                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173379.047396                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111085.639047                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 145133.877761                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    115448136                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               11854                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9739.171250                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          51992                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               51992                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        42402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         3000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        54200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        45402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        45402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    464249300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4375519100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4839768400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8364994500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    119070200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8484064700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8829243800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4494589300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13323833100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8829243800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4494589300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13323833100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999667                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 131515.382436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 103191.337673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105368.118088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163378.798828                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 39690.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156532.559041                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161323.657957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 98995.403286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133062.688252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161323.657957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 98995.403286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133062.688252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          800                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3276800                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          800                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        352534                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3995.343332                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         4784902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        356539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         13.420417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1128.726261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.000281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    69.675693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.048002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1448.020590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1339.872433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.275568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.353521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.327117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.975426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1306180                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38876                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1951724                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       708553                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                4005333                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          840732                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               840732                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        23656                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               23656                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       218643                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               218643                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1306180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1951724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       927196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 4223976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1306180                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38876                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1951724                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       927196                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                4223976                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5818                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1029                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       104006                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       171390                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               282243                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        17658                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             17658                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        89984                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              89984                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       104006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       261374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                372227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5818                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1029                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       104006                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       261374                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               372227                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    147574987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     29848578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3059662931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8266021873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    11503108369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    218273051                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    218273051                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5502687436                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5502687436                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    147574987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     29848578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3059662931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13768709309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     17005795805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    147574987                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     29848578                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3059662931                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13768709309                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    17005795805                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1311998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2055730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       879943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            4287576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       840732                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           840732                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        41314                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           41314                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       308627                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           308627                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1311998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2055730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1188570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             4596203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1311998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2055730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1188570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            4596203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.025786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.050593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.194774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.065828                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.427410                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.427410                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.291562                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.291562                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.025786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.050593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.219906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.080986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.025786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.050593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.219906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.080986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25365.243554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29007.364431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29418.138675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48229.312521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40756.044859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12361.142315                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12361.142315                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61151.842950                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61151.842950                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25365.243554                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29007.364431                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29418.138675                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52678.190291                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45686.626185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25365.243554                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29007.364431                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29418.138675                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52678.190291                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45686.626185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              153019                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   153019                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       104003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       171390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          282240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        17658                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        17658                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        89984                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         89984                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       104003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       261374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           372224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       104003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       261374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          372224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    116460653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     24297940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2470204509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7317659129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9928622231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1562124035                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1562124035                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4987890502                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4987890502                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    116460653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     24297940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2470204509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12305549631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14916512733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    116460653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     24297940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2470204509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12305549631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14916512733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1498620181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1498620181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3368564079                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3368564079                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4867184260                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4867184260                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.025786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.050592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.194774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.427410                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427410                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.291562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.025786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.050592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.219906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.080985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.025786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.050592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.219906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20017.300275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23613.158406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23751.281300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42695.951508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35177.941578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88465.513365                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88465.513365                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55430.859953                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55430.859953                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20017.300275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23613.158406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23751.281300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47080.236102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40074.021914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20017.300275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23613.158406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23751.281300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47080.236102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40074.021914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                         56724                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32342.621948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          346909                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         89033                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.896409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         7883.908947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.000279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.401436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.000164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   193.936284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    56.361742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4964.565634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  19238.447461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.240598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.151507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.587111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5494                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          932                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        94366                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       115452                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 216244                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          153019                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               153019                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           75                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  75                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44912                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                44912                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        94366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       160364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  261156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5494                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          932                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        94366                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       160364                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 261156                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          324                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9637                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        55938                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                65996                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        41262                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             41262                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        21393                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              21393                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        77331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 87389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          324                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9637                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        77331                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                87389                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30201752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9054121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    901828886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5071855572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     6012940331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79960085                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     79960085                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1980276013                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1980276013                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30201752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9054121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    901828886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7052131585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      7993216344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30201752                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9054121                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    901828886                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7052131585                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     7993216344                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       104003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       171390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             282240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       153019                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           153019                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        41337                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           41337                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        66305                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            66305                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       104003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       237695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              348545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       104003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       237695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             348545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.055689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.094266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.326378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.233829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998186                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.998186                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.322645                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.322645                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.055689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.094266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.325337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.250725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.055689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.094266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.325337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.250725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93215.283951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93341.453608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93579.836671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90669.233294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91110.678390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  1937.862561                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1937.862561                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92566.541065                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92566.541065                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93215.283951                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93341.453608                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93579.836671                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91194.108249                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91467.076451                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93215.283951                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93341.453608                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93579.836671                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91194.108249                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91467.076451                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               18205                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    18205                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        55938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           65996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41262                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        41262                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        21393                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         21393                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        77331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            87389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        77331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           87389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25660822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7695560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    766058075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4280180039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5079594496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3123703654                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3123703654                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1671828393                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1671828393                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25660822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7695560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    766058075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5952008432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6751422889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25660822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7695560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    766058075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5952008432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6751422889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1340480927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1340480927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2965704693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2965704693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4306185620                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4306185620                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.055689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.094266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.326378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998186                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998186                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.322645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.055689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.094266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.325337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.250725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.055689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.094266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.325337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79200.067901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79335.670103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79491.343260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76516.501108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76968.217710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75704.126169                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75704.126169                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78148.384659                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78148.384659                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79200.067901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79335.670103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79491.343260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76967.948585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77257.124913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79200.067901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79335.670103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79491.343260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76967.948585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77257.124913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2513449                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        40540                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       1949                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         98                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    12                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    24                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                  1923                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  340481                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      2047                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     2553989                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            34                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   335076                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     5405                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             32                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                3167                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               2055730                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.998465                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                22729527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               2056242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 11.053916                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22722593                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       22722593                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22722593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        22722593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22722593                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       22722593                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2153842                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2153842                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2153842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       2153842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2153842                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      2153842                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  30307233481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30307233481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  30307233481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  30307233481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  30307233481                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  30307233481                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24876435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24876435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24876435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     24876435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24876435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     24876435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.086582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.086582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.086582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.086582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14071.242682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14071.242682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14071.242682                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14071.242682                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14071.242682                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14071.242682                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       238515                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 34073.571429                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        98102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        98102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        98102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        98102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        98102                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        98102                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2055740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2055740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2055740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2055740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2055740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2055740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  21847193318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21847193318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  21847193318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21847193318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  21847193318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21847193318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.082638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.082638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.082638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10627.410722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10627.410722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10627.410722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10627.410722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10627.410722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10627.410722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        39954                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         27344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        39970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.684113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5084440166000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26973                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        26973                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        26973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26973                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        26973                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        40161                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        40161                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        40161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        40161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        40161                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        40161                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    774459200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    774459200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    774459200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    774459200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    774459200                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    774459200                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        67134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        67134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        67134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        67134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        67134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        67134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.598221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.598221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.598221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.598221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.598221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.598221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19283.862454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19283.862454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19283.862454                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19283.862454                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19283.862454                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19283.862454                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           60                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        40161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        40161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        40161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    651780133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    651780133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    651780133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    651780133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    651780133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    651780133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.598221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.598221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.598221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.598221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.598221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.598221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16229.180872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16229.180872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16229.180872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16229.180872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16229.180872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16229.180872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      1312338                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        180447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1312354                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.137499                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       180093                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       180093                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       180093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       180093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       180093                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       180093                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1312650                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1312650                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1312650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1312650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1312650                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1312650                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  17196989806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  17196989806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  17196989806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  17196989806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  17196989806                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  17196989806                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1492743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1492743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1492743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      1492743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1492743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      1492743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.879354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.879354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.879354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13100.971170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13100.971170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13100.971170                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13100.971170                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13100.971170                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13100.971170                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2819                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2819                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1312650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1312650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1312650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1312650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1312650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1312650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13200282872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13200282872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13200282872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13200282872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13200282872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13200282872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10056.209098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10056.209098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10056.209098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10056.209098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10056.209098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10056.209098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1186328                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.170815                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                44442402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1186840                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 37.445993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.170815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.998380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.998380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     26604649                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       26604649                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     17790584                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      17790584                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     44395233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        44395233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     44395233                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       44395233                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1869089                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1869089                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       353381                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       353381                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2222470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2222470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2222470                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2222470                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  67713722336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  67713722336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11072713502                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11072713502                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  78786435838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  78786435838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  78786435838                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  78786435838                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28473738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28473738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18143965                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18143965                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     46617703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     46617703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     46617703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     46617703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019477                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019477                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.047674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.047674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36228.195841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36228.195841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31333.641316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31333.641316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35449.943458                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35449.943458                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35449.943458                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35449.943458                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       837853                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           837853                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       988223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       988223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         5672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       993895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       993895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       993895                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       993895                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       880866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       880866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       347709                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       347709                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1228575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1228575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1228575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1228575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18310371228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18310371228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9620691588                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9620691588                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27931062816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27931062816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27931062816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27931062816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1561853301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1561853301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3515197025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3515197025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5077050326                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5077050326                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019164                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019164                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20786.783947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20786.783947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27668.802326                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27668.802326                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22734.519924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22734.519924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22734.519924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22734.519924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               289494920                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        32195804                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     32195804                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      3597610                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     23755383                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        16783698                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    121532137                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             147643548                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           32195804                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     16783698                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             50282377                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       11918030                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            558351                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      89880703                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       270112                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        62133                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          172                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         24876440                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2177799                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          12722                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    270766109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.094287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.549608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       221407323     81.77%     81.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         4633110      1.71%     83.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         2369074      0.87%     84.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         3402858      1.26%     85.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         3525296      1.30%     86.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         3499379      1.29%     88.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         3491581      1.29%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         3331546      1.23%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        25105942      9.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    270766109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.111214                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.510004                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       119226626                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     95005157                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         47381107                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       973095                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       8180124                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     291286197                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           34                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       8180124                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       123127301                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       45869847                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     39541775                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         44390812                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9656250                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     283702787                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        85184                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       3185972                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      4551895                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       219497                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    316335803                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    712202723                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    681438358                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     30764365                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    245607397                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        70728524                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1223180                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1252589                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         26600481                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     34153936                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     21416314                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2290961                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1516396                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         262417561                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1545682                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        248594501                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       594344                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     42000982                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     60253589                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       392940                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    270766109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.918115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.589294                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175874196     64.95%     64.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     32180008     11.88%     76.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     21851070      8.07%     84.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     15166916      5.60%     90.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10871329      4.02%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7679005      2.84%     97.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      5111622      1.89%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1594172      0.59%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       437791      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    270766109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         553797     36.51%     36.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     36.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     36.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         4373      0.29%     36.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     36.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     36.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     36.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     36.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     36.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     36.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     36.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     36.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     36.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     36.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     36.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     36.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     36.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     36.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     36.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        603349     39.78%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       355319     23.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      4120495      1.66%      1.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    182779861     73.53%     75.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      9197336      3.70%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32405229     13.04%     91.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     20091580      8.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     248594501                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.858718                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            1516838                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006102                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    748642297                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    291044460                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    232379182                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     21867901                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     14944703                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10710405                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     235059908                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       10930936                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3146432                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      6014372                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        41743                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        32075                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3328514                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        28155                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       8180124                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       36909297                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       450615                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    263963243                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      6316599                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34153936                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     21416314                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1332736                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        245961                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        33728                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        32075                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1450642                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2506398                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      3957040                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    244808806                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     31620659                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      3785695                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            51434901                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        25110103                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          19814242                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.845641                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             243382752                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            243089587                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        162230189                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        270462794                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.839702                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.599824                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     45420644                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1152742                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      3602449                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    262676524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.831078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.821245                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191124094     72.76%     72.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24402365      9.29%     82.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14751209      5.62%     87.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     11528697      4.39%     92.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5355851      2.04%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3003221      1.14%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2388110      0.91%     96.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1938198      0.74%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      8184779      3.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    262676524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    109809037                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     218304661                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              46227379                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             28139575                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             161236                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          22846209                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           9244923                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        210248563                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      8184779                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           517881036                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          535733339                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                1001303                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               18728811                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        179916465754                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          109809037                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            218304661                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    109809037                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.636349                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.636349                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.379312                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.379312                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       487305436                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      258817880                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         18764295                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9794556                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      101839662                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1168043                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           73676                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      7398088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker      7786312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      1159141848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       231445663                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1405959931                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   1159141848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    1159141848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      2546585                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    150541237                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       154902350                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             2767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       924761                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker       973289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        144892731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         32502945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           179298690                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           42534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        19694993                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           19765879                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       123283                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       129752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           19316135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            3856850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              23429154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      19316135                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         19316135                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             42437                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           2508645                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              2581319                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             43664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       123283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       129752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          19316135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           6365494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             26010473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       40540                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2513449                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        98                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      1949                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                 1923                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 340481                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     2047                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    2553989                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           34                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    5405                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  335076                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            32                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               2000                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180207186504                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 109697769                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   210915229                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           210020010                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                46065                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     13414177                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  210020010                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       46065                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         529499383                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        232889147                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              74830                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             37993                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    52285081                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  32537552                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 19747529                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             179961050011.990204                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             246136492.009780                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001366                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998634                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
