
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 171218                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   305272                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               93221108                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491040                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536366                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        956317                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        81920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       134912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        81280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              304960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       134912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         134976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        80960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            80960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1270                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4765                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1265                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1265                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    280517195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    461976755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    278325654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1044269089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    461976755                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         462195909                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        277229884                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             277229884                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        277229884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    280517195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    461976755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    278325654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1321498973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1285                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.704339                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613978000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.704339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.544021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.544021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1280                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1301                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       885000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       885000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229989840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    229989840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230874840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    230874840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230874840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    230874840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42142.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42142.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179679.562500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179679.562500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177459.523444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177459.523444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177459.523444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177459.523444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1250400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 138                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9060.869565                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1265                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1265                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       619700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       619700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    214581676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214581676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    215201376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    215201376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    215201376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    215201376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29509.523810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29509.523810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167641.934375                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167641.934375                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165412.279785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165412.279785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165412.279785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165412.279785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           20                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        81920                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           20                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           276                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1790.352728                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              97                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           276                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.351449                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           62.439250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.971263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.933139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    30.085131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.193174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1163.192069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    513.538834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.015244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.283982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.125376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.437098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2456                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          322                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4854                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             542                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  542                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2456                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          390                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4922                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2140                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          962                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3209                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                316                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2140                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3525                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7559905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2697721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    221366503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102526179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      334150308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32947952                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32947952                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7559905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2697721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    221366503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    135474131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       367098260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7559905                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2697721                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    221366503                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    135474131                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      367098260                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          542                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              542                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          383                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              384                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.174825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.522206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.749221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.397991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.822454                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.822917                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.174825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.522206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.766047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.417308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.174825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.522206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.766047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.417308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 107998.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107908.840000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103442.291121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106576.069647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104129.108133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104596.673016                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104265.670886                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 107998.642857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107908.840000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103442.291121                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106087.808144                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104141.350355                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 107998.642857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107908.840000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103442.291121                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106087.808144                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104141.350355                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  12                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       12                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7177505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2561021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    209544682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97262147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    316545355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31199252                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31199252                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7177505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2561021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    209544682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    128461399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    347744607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7177505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2561021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    209544682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    128461399                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    347744607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3185303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3185303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7058347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7058347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10243650                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10243650                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.174825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.522206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.749221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.396503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.822454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.820312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.174825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.522206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.766047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.415769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.174825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.522206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.766047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.415769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102535.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102440.840000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97918.075701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101104.102911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99013.248358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99045.244444                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99045.244444                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102535.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102440.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97918.075701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100596.240407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99016.118166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102535.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102440.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97918.075701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100596.240407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99016.118166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1776.510251                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.268124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    32.042123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.194376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1191.882469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    531.123295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     38                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              12                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   12                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      38                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           32                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     38                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2108                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3171                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2108                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1270                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3485                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6920750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2475221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201907630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93939980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      305243581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29957907                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29957907                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6920750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2475221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201907630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123897887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       335201488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6920750                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2475221                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201907630                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123897887                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      335201488                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           12                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               12                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.988158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.989214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.989214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100300.724638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99008.840000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95781.608159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98160.898642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96260.984232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95712.162939                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95407.347134                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100300.724638                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99008.840000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95781.608159                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97557.391339                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96184.071162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100300.724638                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99008.840000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95781.608159                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97557.391339                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96184.071162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5964675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2127421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172285774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     80589722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    260967592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25508254                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25508254                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5964675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2127421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172285774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106097976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    286475846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5964675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2127421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172285774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106097976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    286475846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2836948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2836948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9153448                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9153448                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.985524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86444.565217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85096.840000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81729.494307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84210.785789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82610.823678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81496.019169                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81496.019169                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86444.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85096.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81729.494307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83541.713386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82510.324309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86444.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85096.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81729.494307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83541.713386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82510.324309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3589                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               425.912764                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.174979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.253065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   425.659699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.831367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.831861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25552                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25561                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25552                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25561                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4791                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4792                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4791                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4792                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    312405193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    312405193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    312405193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    312405193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    312405193                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    312405193                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.157895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.157876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.157895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.157876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.157895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.157876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65206.677729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65193.070326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65206.677729                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65193.070326                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65206.677729                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65193.070326                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    244181226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    244181226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    244181226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    244181226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    244181226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    244181226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.135056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.135056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.135056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59585.462665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59585.462665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59585.462665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59585.462665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59585.462665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59585.462665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          130                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.019679                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           654                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        5.030769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598747100300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.135179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.884499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.680281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.688730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          801                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          801                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          801                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          801                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          143                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          146                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          143                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          146                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4604746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4604746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4604746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4604746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4604746                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4604746                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.151483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.154171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.151483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.154171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.151483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.154171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32201.020979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31539.356164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32201.020979                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31539.356164                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32201.020979                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31539.356164                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4153698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4153698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4153698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4153698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4153698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4153698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.151483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.151483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.151483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29046.839161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29046.839161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29046.839161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29046.839161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29046.839161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29046.839161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2517                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.913421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.274533                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598619300300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.820716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.092705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          761                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          761                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          761                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          761                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2527                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2534                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2527                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2534                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36646411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36646411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36646411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     36646411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36646411                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     36646411                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.769044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.769044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.769044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14501.943411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14461.882794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14501.943411                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14461.882794                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14501.943411                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14461.882794                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28842156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28842156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28842156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28842156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28842156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28842156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11413.595568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11413.595568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11413.595568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11413.595568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11413.595568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11413.595568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1156                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               424.585117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   25799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1156                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.317474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7598702452300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.502668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   424.082449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.828286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.829268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32279                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          32279                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17380                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17381                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49659                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49660                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2398                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2399                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          396                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          397                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2794                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2796                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    213279995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    213279995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36921306                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36921306                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    250201301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    250201301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    250201301                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    250201301                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17776                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17778                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022277                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022331                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88940.781902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88903.707795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93235.621212                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93000.770781                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89549.499284                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89485.443848                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89549.499284                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89485.443848                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          542                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              542                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1126                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1126                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109528460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109528460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34497331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34497331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    144025791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    144025791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    144025791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    144025791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3325073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3325073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7326867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7326867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10651940                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10651940                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021602                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021600                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85302.538941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85302.538941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89836.799479                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89836.799479                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86346.397482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86346.397482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86346.397482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86346.397482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876749                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44037                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44037                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6821                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32936                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17980                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       198694                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                210947                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44037                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17980                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62398                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27422                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              5718                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        161221                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          303                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1324                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30343                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4112                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             72                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       449848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.871363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.343403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          388755     86.42%     86.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2822      0.63%     87.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2444      0.54%     87.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3386      0.75%     88.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5029      1.12%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3664      0.81%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5753      1.28%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2801      0.62%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35194      7.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       449848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050228                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.240601                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          199457                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       171253                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56791                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2154                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20190                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        376956                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20190                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          204540                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         106077                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        51963                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            53845                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13230                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        358532                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2750                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8828                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          101                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       395748                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       895514                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       895364                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          150                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       243984                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          151626                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1043                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1045                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            35339                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47750                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27326                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3134                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1375                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            333745                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1701                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           297428                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1531                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       109126                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       161685                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          810                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       449848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.661174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.433751                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       339593     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36666      8.15%     83.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23540      5.23%     88.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18069      4.02%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12889      2.87%     95.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9832      2.19%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6512      1.45%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2289      0.51%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          458      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       449848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            745     47.88%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           431     27.70%     75.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          380     24.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3204      1.08%      1.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       228943     76.97%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41944     14.10%     92.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23327      7.84%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        297428                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.339240                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1556                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005232                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1048781                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       444650                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       283499                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        295751                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5045                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18036                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9496                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           20                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20190                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          91450                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          996                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       335446                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5179                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47750                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27326                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1336                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           538                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           43                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          161                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1510                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6592                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8102                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       288769                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39796                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8659                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               62074                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29612                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22278                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.329363                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                284450                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               283516                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           186510                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           296533                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.323372                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628969                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       118896                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7004                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       429747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.433206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       355265     82.67%     82.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27582      6.42%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13841      3.22%     92.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11763      2.74%     95.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6844      1.59%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3417      0.80%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2005      0.47%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2804      0.65%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6226      1.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       429747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117689                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        216480                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47506                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29682                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23998                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           214556                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6226                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              758754                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             691172                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2683                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 426901                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117689                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               216480                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117689                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.449711                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.449711                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134233                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134233                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          560697                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         310189                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         126781                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.002286                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5002286176530                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               12601349330040                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31007                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    54050                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              107321351                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4924248                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 46610.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1445233251                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2519287196                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3190784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2961280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       610752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     42769472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    219112192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           268646144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     42769472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       42769472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    124593472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        124593472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        49856                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        46270                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9543                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       668273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      3423628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              4197596                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        1946773                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             1946773                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       637865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       591985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       122095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      8549985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     43802410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               53704673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      8549985                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           8549985                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         24907306                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              24907306                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         24907306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       637865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       591985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       122095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      8549985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     43802410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              78611979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    50669                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.357063                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         15                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    50682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.000296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    10.305064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         4.051999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.644066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.253250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.897316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet              5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                 5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet               7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                  7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet              7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                 7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          778                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             804                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49856                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           34                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          49890                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet            60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            50694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50634                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet           60                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           50694                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     33249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      1219080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34468080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9023539768                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      2551000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9026090768                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9056788768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      3770080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   9060558848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9056788768                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      3770080                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   9060558848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49856                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           36                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49892                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet           67                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          50701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet           67                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         50701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.838710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.993820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.944444                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999960                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.895522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.895522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42736.503856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 46887.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42870.746269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180992.052471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 75029.411765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180919.839006                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178867.732512                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62834.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178730.399022                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178867.732512                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62834.666667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178730.399022                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     59994200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                5744                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10444.672702                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          49881                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               49881                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           34                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        49890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet           60                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet           60                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     23634100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet       895900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24530000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8422719312                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2132400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8424851712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8446353412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      3028300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8449381712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8446353412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      3028300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8449381712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.838710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999960                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.895522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.895522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30378.020566                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 34457.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30509.950249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168940.936136                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 62717.647059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168868.545039                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166811.893431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50471.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166674.196394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166811.893431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50471.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166674.196394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          779                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3190784                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          779                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      14515748                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4051.529085                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        63183588                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      14519808                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          4.351544                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7625785513307                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          726.672127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.002459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.001118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    56.348166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    20.623840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1283.807323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1964.074053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.177410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.005035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.313430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.479510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.989143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22483446                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1683475                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8825223                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     13501156                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               46493300                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        19482686                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             19482686                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       744901                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              744901                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      9579136                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              9579136                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22483446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1683475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8825223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     23080292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                56072436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22483446                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1683475                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8825223                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     23080292                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               56072436                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       297447                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       102644                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3244639                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      8069507                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             11714237                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7102                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7102                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2767882                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            2767882                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       297447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       102644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3244639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     10837389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              14482119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       297447                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       102644                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3244639                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     10837389                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             14482119                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10211345289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3048073477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 124640840279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 333702492711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   471602751756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78708989                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     78708989                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 180265047963                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 180265047963                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10211345289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3048073477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 124640840279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 513967540674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    651867799719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10211345289                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3048073477                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 124640840279                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 513967540674                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   651867799719                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22780893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1786119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12069862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21570663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           58207537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     19482686                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         19482686                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       752003                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          752003                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12347018                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         12347018                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22780893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1786119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12069862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     33917681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            70554555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22780893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1786119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12069862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     33917681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           70554555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.057468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.268822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.374096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.201249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009444                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.009444                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.224174                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.224174                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.057468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.268822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.319520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.205261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.057468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.268822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.319520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.205261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34329.965638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29695.583541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38414.393798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41353.516728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40258.938910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11082.651225                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11082.651225                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65127.432442                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65127.432442                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34329.965638                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29695.583541                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38414.393798                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47425.402989                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45011.907423                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34329.965638                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29695.583541                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38414.393798                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47425.402989                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45011.907423                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             5572376                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  5572376                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           43                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                98                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       297427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       102601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3244635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8069476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11714139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7102                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7102                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2767882                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2767882                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       297427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       102601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3244635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10837358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         14482021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       297427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       102601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3244635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10837358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        14482021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8594887960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2479366884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 106274295931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 288540196828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 405888747603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    578195931                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    578195931                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 164783792451                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 164783792451                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8594887960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2479366884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 106274295931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 453323989279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 570672540054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8594887960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2479366884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 106274295931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 453323989279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 570672540054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    112237879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    112237879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    329031309                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    329031309                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    441269188                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    441269188                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.057444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.268821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.374095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.201248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009444                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009444                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.224174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.057444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.268821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.319519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.205260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.057444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.268821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.319519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28897.470505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24165.133712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32753.852415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35756.992998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34649.473393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81413.113348                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81413.113348                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59534.254875                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59534.254875                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28897.470505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24165.133712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32753.852415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41829.751244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39405.587111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28897.470505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24165.133712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32753.852415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41829.751244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39405.587111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       4121720                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32486.197344                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        13137651                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       4154339                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.162393                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7625655787007                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11078.382378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.035541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.022630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.003411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   365.887605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   113.088769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5451.860382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  15476.916300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.338085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.166378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.472318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.991400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       251157                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        93058                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2576361                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6154461                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                9075037                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         5572376                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              5572376                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1221                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1221                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1258950                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1258950                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       251157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        93058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2576361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      7413411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                10333987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       251157                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        93058                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2576361                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7413411                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               10333987                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        46270                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9543                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       668274                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1915015                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              2639102                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5942                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              5942                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1508871                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            1508871                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        46270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       668274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      3423886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               4147973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        46270                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9543                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       668274                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      3423886                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              4147973                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4316724610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    904099030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  62449019540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 179165736465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   246835579645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     40774317                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     40774317                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 140091555112                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 140091555112                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4316724610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    904099030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  62449019540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 319257291577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    386927134757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4316724610                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    904099030                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  62449019540                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 319257291577                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   386927134757                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       297427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       102601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3244635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8069476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           11714139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5572376                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          5572376                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         7163                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            7163                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2767821                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          2767821                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       297427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       102601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3244635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10837297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            14481960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       297427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       102601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3244635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10837297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           14481960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.155568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.093011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.205963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.237316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.225292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.829541                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.829541                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.545148                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.545148                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.155568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.093011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.205963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.315935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.286423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.155568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.093011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.205963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.315935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.286423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93294.242706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94739.498061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93448.225638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93558.398480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93530.140042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  6862.052676                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6862.052676                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92845.283071                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92845.283071                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93294.242706                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94739.498061                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93448.225638                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93244.135925                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93281.015753                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93294.242706                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94739.498061                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93448.225638                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93244.135925                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93281.015753                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             1896892                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  1896892                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        46270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       668274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1915015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2639102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5942                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         5942                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1508871                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1508871                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        46270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       668274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3423886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          4147973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        46270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       668274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3423886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         4147973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3667819557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    770692135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  53024845890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 152182114950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 209645472532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    465514509                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    465514509                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 118449900448                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 118449900448                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3667819557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    770692135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  53024845890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 270632015398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 328095372980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3667819557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    770692135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  53024845890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 270632015398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 328095372980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    100183895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    100183895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    288758664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    288758664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    388942559                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    388942559                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.155568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.093011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.205963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.237316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.225292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.829541                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.829541                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.545148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.545148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.155568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.093011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.205963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.315935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.286423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.155568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.093011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.205963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.315935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79269.927750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80759.942890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79345.965712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79467.844873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79438.184857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78343.067822                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78343.067822                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78502.337475                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78502.337475                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79269.927750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80759.942890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79345.965712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79042.355790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79097.760034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79269.927750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80759.942890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79345.965712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79042.355790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79097.760034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          464                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                          708                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                          8                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                          8                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                     7                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    1874                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        16                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        1172                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                             3                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                      742                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     1132                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  13                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              12069915                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999189                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               344413700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              12070427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 28.533680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    344407753                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      344407753                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    344407753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       344407753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    344407753                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      344407753                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12965578                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     12965578                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12965578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      12965578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12965578                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     12965578                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 302753468434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 302753468434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 302753468434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 302753468434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 302753468434                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 302753468434                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    357373331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    357373331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    357373331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    357373331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    357373331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    357373331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23350.557024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23350.557024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23350.557024                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23350.557024                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23350.557024                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23350.557024                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6682459                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            165                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40499.751515                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       895583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       895583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       895583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       895583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       895583                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       895583                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12069995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12069995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12069995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12069995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12069995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12069995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 232078648437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 232078648437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 232078648437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 232078648437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 232078648437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 232078648437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19227.733602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19227.733602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19227.733602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19227.733602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19227.733602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19227.733602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      1786259                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.584371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       6397894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1786273                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.581700                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    14.584371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.911523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.911523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6397656                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      6397656                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6397656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      6397656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6397656                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      6397656                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1786486                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1786486                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1786486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1786486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1786486                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1786486                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  28240687139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28240687139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  28240687139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  28240687139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  28240687139                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  28240687139                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8184142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8184142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8184142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      8184142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8184142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      8184142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.218286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.218286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.218286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15807.953233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15807.953233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15807.953233                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15807.953233                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15807.953233                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15807.953233                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         1716                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         1716                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1786486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1786486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1786486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1786486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1786486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1786486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  22603064217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22603064217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  22603064217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22603064217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  22603064217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22603064217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12652.248166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12652.248166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12652.248166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12652.248166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12652.248166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12652.248166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     22787280                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.811974                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      43361367                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     22787296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.902875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.811974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.988248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.988248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     43360740                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     43360740                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     43360740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     43360740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     43360740                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     43360740                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22794232                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     22794232                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22794232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     22794232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22794232                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     22794232                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 294457635161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 294457635161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 294457635161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 294457635161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 294457635161                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 294457635161                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     66154972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     66154972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     66154972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     66154972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     66154972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     66154972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.344558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.344558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.344558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.344558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.344558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.344558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12918.076606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12918.076606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12918.076606                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12918.076606                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12918.076606                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12918.076606                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        13288                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        13288                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22794232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     22794232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22794232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     22794232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22794232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     22794232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 223467241122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 223467241122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 223467241122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 223467241122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 223467241122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 223467241122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.344558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.344558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.344558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9803.674944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9803.674944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9803.674944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9803.674944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9803.674944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9803.674944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              33917775                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               698420117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              33918287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 20.591256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    517234855                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      517234855                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    180285883                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     180285883                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    697520738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       697520738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    697520738                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      697520738                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     34462361                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     34462361                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     13117673                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     13117673                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     47580034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      47580034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     47580034                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     47580034                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1090261898998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1090261898998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 371945808687                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 371945808687                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1462207707685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1462207707685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1462207707685                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1462207707685                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    551697216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    551697216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    193403556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    193403556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    745100772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    745100772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    745100772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    745100772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067825                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.067825                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31636.308928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31636.308928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28354.557145                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28354.557145                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30731.539782                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30731.539782                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30731.539782                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30731.539782                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     19467682                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         19467682                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12888201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     12888201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        28269                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        28269                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12916470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     12916470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12916470                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     12916470                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21574160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     21574160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13089404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     13089404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     34663564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     34663564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     34663564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     34663564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 515176566491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 515176566491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 322839283337                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 322839283337                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 838015849828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 838015849828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 838015849828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 838015849828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    117050325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    117050325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    343990117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    343990117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    461040442                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    461040442                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067679                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067679                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23879.333726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23879.333726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24664.169838                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24664.169838                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24175.697855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24175.697855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24175.697855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24175.697855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              4399444533                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       422422819                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    422422819                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     45402990                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    304044346                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       243686457                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1398634998                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            2332394710                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          422422819                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    243686457                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            689600862                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      235029637                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          58978091                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1509038222                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        89342                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1178119                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1524                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        357373484                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     22239412                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes         859272                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   3846183201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.064421                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.512820                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      3168236935     82.37%     82.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        42191275      1.10%     83.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        41710331      1.08%     84.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        59947392      1.56%     86.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        46713846      1.21%     87.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        55234382      1.44%     88.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        42427680      1.10%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        46858642      1.22%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       342862718      8.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   3846183201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.096017                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.530157                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1445386128                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1549970869                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        633420374                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     28743787                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     188662043                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    3997393001                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1239                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     188662043                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1506497873                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1250589570                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     39993229                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        595844623                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    264595863                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    3883888140                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      2056663                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      41111609                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    210030359                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1227188                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   4362309289                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   9773805644                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   9741110844                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     32694800                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   2848227346                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      1514081935                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1727805                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1728727                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        561819424                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    750259327                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    295941168                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     48472948                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     30667989                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        3714877432                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      3106085                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       3259668590                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7870347                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1163250588                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   1730777661                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1239057                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   3846183201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.847507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.482644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   2510872241     65.28%     65.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    493939996     12.84%     78.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    332175388      8.64%     86.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    202753978      5.27%     92.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    139775279      3.63%     95.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     92102009      2.39%     98.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     52025704      1.35%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     18958349      0.49%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      3580257      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   3846183201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4941013     32.83%     32.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     32.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     32.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        13402      0.09%     32.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     32.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     32.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     32.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     32.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     32.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     32.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     32.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     32.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     32.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     32.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     32.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     32.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     32.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     32.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     32.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     32.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     32.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     32.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     32.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     32.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     32.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     32.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     32.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       6434706     42.76%     75.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      3660318     24.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     22031368      0.68%      0.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   2344981093     71.94%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      5158795      0.16%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    640082542     19.64%     92.41% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    247414792      7.59%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    3259668590                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.740927                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           15049439                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004617                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  10386151022                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   4864773252                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   3155344387                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     19880134                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     17006137                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9260825                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    3242773464                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        9913197                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     71680540                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    249691251                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       613535                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       573005                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    102538557                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       233120                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         5504                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     188662043                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      898605657                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     18525742                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   3717983517                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     22112315                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    750259327                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    295941168                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      2788140                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       6310654                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      2087074                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       573005                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     31125984                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     17703001                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     48828985                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   3208809667                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    623678634                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     50858923                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           866583053                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       308532881                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         242904419                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.729367                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            3174242915                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           3164605212                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       2210336149                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       3418501252                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.719319                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.646580                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1213647047                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1867028                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     45532888                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   3657856806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.685076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.726955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   2868665599     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    279085179      7.63%     86.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    120996779      3.31%     89.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    148431443      4.06%     93.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     55675416      1.52%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     32504552      0.89%     95.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     24315331      0.66%     96.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     17038481      0.47%     96.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    111144026      3.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   3657856806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1438149827                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    2505911051                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             693970683                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            500568073                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             144695                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         262629233                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           7434979                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       2490348194                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    111144026                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          7265814031                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         7628584357                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               11165040                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              553261332                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         10621269741                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1438149827                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           2505911051                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1438149827                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.059100                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.059100                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.326894                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.326894                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      6236960888                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     3528785933                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          8854756                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         6795985                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     1540128322                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1654563                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            1028                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        92064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        47232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        63316752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        11040760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           74500276                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     63316752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      63316752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1249280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet          784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      7770998                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total         9021062                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        11508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         5904                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          7914594                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1663610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total             9595956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              33                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1041125                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1060678                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        18404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         9442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           12657563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            2207143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              14893245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      12657563                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         12657563                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       249742                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               157                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           1553489                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              1803388                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       250230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        18404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         9442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          12657563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           3760632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             16696633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          305                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1249280                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          305                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                         708                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         464                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                         8                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                         8                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    2                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    7                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   1874                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       16                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       1172                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                            3                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    1132                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     742                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 12                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    15021880546                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   6007430                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    11469572                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            11422835                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 5040                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       822966                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   11422835                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        5040                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          29085276                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         13143116                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               7863                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              3524                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     2709721                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1665897                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1043824                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             15008501061.980974                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             13379484.019026                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.000891                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.999109                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
