
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  58493                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   104303                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               31896447                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490956                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     9.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      535538                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        954961                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        73728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       135488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        80128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              296192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       135488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         135552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        72768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            72768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1137                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1137                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    252465475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14683322                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5917160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    463949142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    274380881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1014244983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    463949142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         464168296                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        249178165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             249178165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        249178165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    252465475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14683322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5917160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    463949142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    274380881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1263423148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1155                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.716995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613747000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.716995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.544812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.544812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1152                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1152                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1171                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       812000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       812000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    205439856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    205439856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    206251856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    206251856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    206251856                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    206251856                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42736.842105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42736.842105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178333.208333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178333.208333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176133.096499                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176133.096499                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176133.096499                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176133.096499                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1061200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 106                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10011.320755                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1137                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1137                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       571400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       571400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    191568252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191568252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    192139652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    192139652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    192139652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    192139652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30073.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30073.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166291.885417                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166291.885417                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164081.684031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164081.684031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164081.684031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164081.684031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           18                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        73728                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           18                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          2768                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1110.150067                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          2768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.702673                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           59.230068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.949105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.933020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.025536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.874100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.448706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     7.211714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    736.164532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    281.313285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.028921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.359455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.137360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.542065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2454                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          885                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          187                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   3597                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             533                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  533                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           60                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   60                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    3657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2454                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           71                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          885                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          247                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   3657                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2860                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1082                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 4092                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          319                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                320                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           98                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           40                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2860                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1401                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4412                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8103813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3482224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    237679050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104495871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      353760958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32745399                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32745399                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8103813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3482224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    237679050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    137241270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       386506357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8103813                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3482224                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    237679050                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    137241270                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      386506357                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          533                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              533                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          379                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              380                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.038401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.360360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.763685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.852640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.532189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.841689                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.842105                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.038401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.360360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.763685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.850121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.546784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.038401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.360360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.763685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.850121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.546784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82691.969388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87055.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83104.562937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96576.590573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86451.847019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102650.153605                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102329.371875                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82691.969388                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87055.600000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83104.562937                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97959.507495                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87603.435403                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82691.969388                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87055.600000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83104.562937                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97959.507495                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87603.435403                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 162                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      162                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            4080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          319                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           319                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7567482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3262612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    221787556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98561849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    331179499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30975856                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30975856                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7567482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3262612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    221787556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129537705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    362155355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7567482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3262612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    221787556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129537705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    362155355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3183038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3183038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7060562                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7060562                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10243600                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10243600                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.038401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.360360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.763685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.852640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.530628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.841689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.839474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.038401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.360360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.763685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.850121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.545173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.038401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.360360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.763685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.850121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.545173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 77219.204082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81565.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77548.096503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91092.281885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81171.445833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97102.996865                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97102.996865                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 77219.204082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81565.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77548.096503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92460.888651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82326.745851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 77219.204082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81565.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77548.096503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92460.888651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82326.745851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1807.522086                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           19.978107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.186105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.066888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1199.564623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    535.726498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          743                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    926                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             162                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  162                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           13                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          743                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          147                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    934                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2117                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          943                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3166                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          310                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2117                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1253                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3477                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6793272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2961782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202893576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     92732549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      305381179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29685277                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29685277                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6793272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2961782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202893576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122417826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       335066456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6793272                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2961782                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202893576                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122417826                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      335066456                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           98                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               4092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          162                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              162                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          318                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              319                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           98                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           98                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.683673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.740210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.871534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.773705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.974843                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.974922                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.683673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.740210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.895000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.788257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.683673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.740210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.895000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.788257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101392.119403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109695.629630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95840.139821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98337.803818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96456.468414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95758.958065                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95451.051447                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101392.119403                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109695.629630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95840.139821                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97699.781325                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96366.538970                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101392.119403                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109695.629630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95840.139821                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97699.781325                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96366.538970                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          310                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           310                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5862136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2587098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173150109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79566505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    261165848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25274440                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25274440                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5862136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2587098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173150109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104840945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    286440288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5862136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2587098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173150109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104840945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    286440288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.683673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.740210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.871534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.770772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.974843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.683673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.740210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.895000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.785309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.683673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.740210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.895000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.785309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87494.567164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95818.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81790.320737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84375.933192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82804.644261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81530.451613                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81530.451613                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87494.567164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95818.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81790.320737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83671.943336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82690.614319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87494.567164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95818.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81790.320737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83671.943336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82690.614319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3232                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.667403                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   21811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.748453                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598616951300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.298652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.368751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.869861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25509                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25518                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25509                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25518                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4497                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4498                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4497                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4498                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    322137550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    322137550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    322137550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    322137550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    322137550                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    322137550                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.149853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.149853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.149853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71633.878141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71617.952423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71633.878141                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71617.952423                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71633.878141                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71617.952423                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          752                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          752                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    252095583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    252095583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    252095583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    252095583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    252095583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    252095583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.124808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.124808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.124808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67315.242457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67315.242457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67315.242457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67315.242457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67315.242457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67315.242457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           98                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.978143                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           98                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.295918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598751640300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.843635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.677727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.686134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          373                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          373                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          373                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          373                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          114                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4747250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4747250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4747250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4747250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4747250                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4747250                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.229339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.234086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.229339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.234086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.229339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.234086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 42768.018018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41642.543860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 42768.018018                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41642.543860                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 42768.018018                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41642.543860                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4387678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4387678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4387678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4387678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4387678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4387678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.229339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.229339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.229339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 39528.630631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39528.630631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 39528.630631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39528.630631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 39528.630631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39528.630631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2543                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.916848                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2543                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.272513                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598618990300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.819206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.097642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          754                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          754                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          754                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          754                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2553                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2560                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2553                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2560                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34932626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34932626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34932626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     34932626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34932626                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     34932626                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.772480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.772480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.772480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13682.971406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13645.557031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13682.971406                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13645.557031                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13682.971406                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13645.557031                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27028755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27028755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27028755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27028755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27028755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27028755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.770368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771999                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.770368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771999                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.770368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10587.056404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10587.056404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10587.056404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10587.056404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10587.056404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10587.056404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1138                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               425.090121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   26497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 23.283831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7598702637300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.502086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   424.588035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.829274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.830254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31272                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31272                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17321                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17322                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        48593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           48594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        48593                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          48594                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2383                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2384                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          402                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          403                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2785                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2787                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    213552816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    213552816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36598019                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36598019                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    250150835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    250150835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    250150835                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    250150835                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        33655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17725                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        51381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        51381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022682                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022736                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89615.113722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89577.523490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91039.848259                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90813.942928                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89820.766607                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89756.309652                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89820.766607                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89756.309652                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          533                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              533                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1123                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1123                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109710800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109710800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34181605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34181605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    143892405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    143892405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    143892405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    143892405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3324916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3324916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7328478                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7328478                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10653394                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10653394                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022175                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022172                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86454.531127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86454.531127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86976.094148                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86976.094148                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86577.861011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86577.861011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86577.861011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86577.861011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876679                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           43700                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        43700                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6789                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        31857                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17635                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       198288                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                209708                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              43700                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17635                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                61940                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27025                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4919                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        160158                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          632                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          329                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30006                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4045                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             63                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       446237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.873422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.347257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          385628     86.42%     86.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2732      0.61%     87.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2458      0.55%     87.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3294      0.74%     88.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4930      1.10%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3656      0.82%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5678      1.27%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2733      0.61%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35128      7.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       446237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.049847                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.239207                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          196983                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       170971                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56117                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2192                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         19971                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        374395                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         19971                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          202054                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         105155                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        52565                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            53258                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13231                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        356057                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          180                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2870                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          142                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       392592                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       890164                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       890022                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          142                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       242393                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          150199                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1063                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1057                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            35810                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        46610                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27178                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2954                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1373                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            330816                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1792                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           294086                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1748                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       109277                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       162585                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          901                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       446237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.659035                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.432559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       337317     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36193      8.11%     83.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23189      5.20%     88.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17877      4.01%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12744      2.86%     95.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9782      2.19%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6442      1.44%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2198      0.49%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          495      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       446237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            725     48.53%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           389     26.04%     74.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          380     25.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3213      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       226791     77.12%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        40895     13.91%     92.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23177      7.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        294086                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.335455                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1494                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005080                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1038654                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       441967                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       280387                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           52                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           70                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           16                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        292341                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             26                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5052                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17278                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          135                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9407                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           27                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         19971                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          90372                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1019                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       332608                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5236                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        46610                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27178                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1390                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           556                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           43                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1444                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6448                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7892                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       285444                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        38786                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8642                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               60907                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29326                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22121                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.325597                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                281120                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               280403                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           184338                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           293301                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.319847                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628494                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       117487                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6829                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       426355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504565                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.435472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       352466     82.67%     82.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27326      6.41%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13707      3.21%     92.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11638      2.73%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6826      1.60%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3408      0.80%     97.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1991      0.47%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2764      0.65%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6229      1.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       426355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       116861                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        215124                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47103                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29332                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23822                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           213214                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6229                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              752594                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             685330                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2618                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 430442                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             116861                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               215124                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       116861                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.501895                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.501895                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.133300                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.133300                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          554583                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         306223                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               25                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         124917                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.157741                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2157741156942                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9756804310452                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  20901                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36471                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               22460672                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4993536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 96067.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2007928205                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3503705772                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1462272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4163648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       828416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     61984768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    314094912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           382537600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     61984768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       61984768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    175794240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        175794240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        22848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        65057                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       968512                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4907733                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              5977150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2746785                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2746785                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       677686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1929633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     28726693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    145566539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              177286140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     28726693                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          28726693                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         81471422                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              81471422                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         81471422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       677686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1929633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     28726693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    145566539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             258757561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    23239                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.999500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         34                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    23255                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.994127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.005373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.999633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.000336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             6                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                6                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          331                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             372                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        22848                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          22918                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            23290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23179                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          111                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           23290                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     14080000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      1943948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16023948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4134763144                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      5491000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4140254144                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4148843144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      7434948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4156278092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4148843144                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      7434948                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4156278092                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           54                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        22848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           76                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22924                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          23309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         23309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.759259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.966234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.921053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42537.764350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 47413.365854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43075.129032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180968.274860                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 78442.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180655.124531                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178991.463998                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66981.513514                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178457.625247                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178991.463998                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66981.513514                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178457.625247                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     28074400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2669                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10518.696141                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          22894                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               22894                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        22848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        22918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      9964900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1434700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11399600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3859496616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      4632400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3864129016                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3869461516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6067100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3875528616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3869461516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6067100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3875528616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.759259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.966234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.921053                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30105.438066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 34992.682927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30644.086022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168920.545168                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 66177.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168606.729034                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166938.242202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54658.558559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166403.117905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166938.242202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54658.558559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166403.117905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          357                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1462272                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          357                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      39114231                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1501.894642                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        63360998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      39115906                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.619827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7990313110894                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          344.636928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    74.501634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    20.684234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    310.350408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    751.721437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.168280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.151538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.367051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.733347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27843176                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1694145                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5182570                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     10842101                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               45561992                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        25238520                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             25238520                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2067746                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             2067746                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     10831083                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             10831083                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27843176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1694145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5182570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     21673184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                56393075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27843176                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1694145                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5182570                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     21673184                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               56393075                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2216915                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       713021                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9666335                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     19079269                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             31675540                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        41281                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             41281                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6311654                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            6311654                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2216915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       713021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9666335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     25390923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              37987194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2216915                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       713021                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9666335                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     25390923                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             37987194                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  54201921058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  16930239852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 290634986634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 652640045891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1014407193435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96875175                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     96875175                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 307678303417                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 307678303417                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  54201921058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  16930239852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 290634986634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 960318349308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1322085496852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  54201921058                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  16930239852                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 290634986634                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 960318349308                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1322085496852                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30060091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2407166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14848905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     29921370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           77237532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     25238520                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         25238520                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2109027                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2109027                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17142737                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         17142737                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30060091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2407166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14848905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     47064107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            94380269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30060091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2407166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14848905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     47064107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           94380269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.073749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.296208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.650980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.637647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.410106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019573                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.019573                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.368182                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.368182                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.073749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.296208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.650980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.539497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.402491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.073749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.296208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.650980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.539497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.402491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24449.255410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23744.377588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30066.719872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34206.763681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32024.937647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  2346.725491                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2346.725491                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48747.650523                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48747.650523                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24449.255410                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23744.377588                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30066.719872                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37821.324940                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34803.452365                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24449.255410                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23744.377588                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30066.719872                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37821.324940                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34803.452365                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks            13119129                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                 13119129                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              1743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               1743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          833                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           52                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              1743                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2216082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       712170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9666328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19079217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31673797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41281                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        41281                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6311654                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       6311654                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2216082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       712170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9666328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     25390871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         37985451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2216082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       712170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9666328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     25390871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        37985451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  42198177838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  12971393909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 235939403630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 546057518158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 837166493535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1230822512                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1230822512                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 272829136020                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 272829136020                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  42198177838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  12971393909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 235939403630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 818886654178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1109995629555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  42198177838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  12971393909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 235939403630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 818886654178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1109995629555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     91861239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     91861239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    218093418                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    218093418                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    309954657                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    309954657                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.073722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.295854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.650979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.637645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.410083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019573                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019573                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.368182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.368182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.073722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.295854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.650979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.539495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.402472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.073722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.295854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.650979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.539495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.402472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 19041.794409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18213.901048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24408.379648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28620.541302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26430.885237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29815.714542                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29815.714542                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43226.250365                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43226.250365                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 19041.794409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18213.901048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24408.379648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32251.223449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29221.599332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 19041.794409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18213.901048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24408.379648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32251.223449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29221.599332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       5927815                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32459.454597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        38839151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       5960132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          6.516492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7629562093124                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11920.567967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.091376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.524135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.007566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   505.679152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   132.507884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6363.420806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13536.655711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.363787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.194196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.413106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.990584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2151025                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       699226                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8697815                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16311106                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               27859172                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks        13119129                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total             13119129                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34350                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               34350                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4171777                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              4171777                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2151025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       699226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8697815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     20482883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                32030949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2151025                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       699226                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8697815                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     20482883                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               32030949                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        65057                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12944                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       968513                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2768111                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3814625                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6963                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              6963                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2139845                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2139845                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        65057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       968513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4907956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               5954470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        65057                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12944                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       968513                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4907956                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              5954470                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6067503183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1225853522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  90507418116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 258984610179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   356785385000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69654552                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     69654552                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 198665282782                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 198665282782                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6067503183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1225853522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  90507418116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 457649892961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    555450667782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6067503183                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1225853522                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  90507418116                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 457649892961                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   555450667782                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2216082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       712170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9666328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19079217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           31673797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     13119129                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total         13119129                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        41313                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           41313                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6311622                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          6311622                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2216082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       712170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9666328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     25390839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            37985419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2216082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       712170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9666328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     25390839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           37985419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.100195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.145085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.120435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.168543                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.168543                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.339033                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.339033                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.100195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.193296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.156757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.100195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.193296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.156757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93264.417096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94704.382108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93449.874308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93560.052389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93530.919815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10003.526066                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10003.526066                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92840.968753                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92840.968753                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93264.417096                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94704.382108                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93449.874308                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93246.535413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93282.973595                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93264.417096                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94704.382108                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93449.874308                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93246.535413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93282.973595                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2723891                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2723891                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        65057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       968513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2768111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3814625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6963                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         6963                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2139845                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2139845                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        65057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       968513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4907956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          5954470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        65057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       968513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4907956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         5954470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5154679481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1044924742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  76848954603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 219982084351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 303030643177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    545115353                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    545115353                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 167981155354                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 167981155354                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5154679481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1044924742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  76848954603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 387963239705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 471011798531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5154679481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1044924742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  76848954603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 387963239705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 471011798531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     82030463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     82030463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    190800027                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    190800027                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    272830490                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    272830490                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.100195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.145085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.168543                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168543                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.339033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.100195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.193296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.156757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.100195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.193296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79233.279755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80726.571539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79347.365088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79470.109526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79439.169821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78287.426828                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78287.426828                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78501.552848                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78501.552848                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79233.279755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80726.571539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79347.365088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79047.823515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79102.220438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79233.279755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80726.571539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79347.365088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79047.823515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79102.220438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          696                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         1752                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         12                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         18                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    9076                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        30                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        2448                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            14                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     2580                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     6496                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              8                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  13                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              14848962                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999824                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               480225411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              14849474                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 32.339557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    480217679                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      480217679                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    480217679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       480217679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    480217679                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      480217679                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16244405                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     16244405                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16244405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      16244405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16244405                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     16244405                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 474536259503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 474536259503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 474536259503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 474536259503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 474536259503                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 474536259503                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    496462084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    496462084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    496462084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    496462084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    496462084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    496462084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29212.289370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29212.289370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29212.289370                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29212.289370                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29212.289370                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29212.289370                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      9333019                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            239                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 39050.288703                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1395365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1395365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1395365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1395365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1395365                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1395365                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14849040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14849040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14849040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     14849040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14849040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     14849040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 375818502891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 375818502891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 375818502891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 375818502891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 375818502891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 375818502891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.029910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.029910                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029910                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.029910                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029910                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25309.279448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25309.279448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25309.279448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25309.279448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25309.279448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25309.279448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2408049                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998604                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       8375992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2408065                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.478308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.998604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8375846                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      8375846                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8375846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      8375846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8375846                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      8375846                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2408253                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2408253                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2408253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2408253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2408253                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2408253                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  44115482252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44115482252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  44115482252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  44115482252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  44115482252                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  44115482252                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10784099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10784099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10784099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     10784099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10784099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     10784099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.223315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.223315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.223315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18318.458340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18318.458340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18318.458340                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18318.458340                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18318.458340                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18318.458340                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         1563                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         1563                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2408253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2408253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2408253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2408253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2408253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2408253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  36345137261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36345137261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  36345137261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36345137261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  36345137261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36345137261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15091.909887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15091.909887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15091.909887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15091.909887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15091.909887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15091.909887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     30083078                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998799                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      58549503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     30083094                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.946259                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     58549076                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     58549076                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     58549076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     58549076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     58549076                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     58549076                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30091205                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     30091205                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30091205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     30091205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30091205                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     30091205                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 392283796167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 392283796167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 392283796167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 392283796167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 392283796167                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 392283796167                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     88640281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     88640281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     88640281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     88640281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     88640281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     88640281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.339476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.339476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.339476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13036.493426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13036.493426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13036.493426                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13036.493426                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13036.493426                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13036.493426                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       484102                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       484102                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30091205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     30091205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30091205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     30091205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30091205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     30091205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 297367715409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 297367715409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 297367715409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 297367715409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 297367715409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 297367715409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9882.213604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9882.213604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9882.213604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9882.213604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9882.213604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9882.213604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              47064197                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999902                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               972946435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              47064709                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 20.672526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    722059484                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      722059484                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    248465363                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     248465363                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    970524847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       970524847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    970524847                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      970524847                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     48160820                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     48160820                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     19270942                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     19270942                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     67431762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      67431762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     67431762                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     67431762                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1666400356122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1666400356122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 556496070868                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 556496070868                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2222896426990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2222896426990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2222896426990                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2222896426990                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    770220304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    770220304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    267736305                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    267736305                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1037956609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1037956609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1037956609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1037956609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071977                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.071977                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.064966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.064966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34600.747166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34600.747166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28877.471110                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28877.471110                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32965.124462                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32965.124462                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32965.124462                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32965.124462                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     24752855                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         24752855                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     18235137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     18235137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        36631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        36631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     18271768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     18271768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     18271768                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     18271768                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     29925683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     29925683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19234311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     19234311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     49159994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     49159994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     49159994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     49159994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 830118049585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 830118049585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 483253367055                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 483253367055                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1313371416640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1313371416640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1313371416640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1313371416640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     95752426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     95752426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    228118430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    228118430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    323870856                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    323870856                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071841                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071841                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27739.318417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27739.318417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25124.547849                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25124.547849                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26716.264787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26716.264787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26716.264787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26716.264787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              6479703174                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       588664709                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    588664709                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     62144922                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    424193829                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       341345607                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1962393760                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3230136740                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          588664709                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    341345607                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            956807877                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      323903035                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          87005547                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    2241780703                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        99445                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1733674                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2150                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        496462295                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     29911330                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1119856                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5510084599                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.030314                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.478713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4569455727     82.93%     82.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        58662167      1.06%     83.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        57208848      1.04%     85.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        84341234      1.53%     86.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        64497773      1.17%     87.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        77233928      1.40%     89.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        58726056      1.07%     90.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        65173934      1.18%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       474784932      8.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5510084599                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.090847                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.498501                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      2031887102                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2299183230                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        877940205                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     40812619                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     260261443                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    5543267621                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         2119                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     260261443                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2118957242                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1866990201                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     54126469                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        823998540                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    385750704                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5384048052                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      3157859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      57427545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    309102844                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1820877                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6034233445                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  13568859395                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  13524000858                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     44858537                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   3957838989                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2076394536                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2905883                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2906159                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        805669391                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1045273554                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    406679592                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     66528843                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     40684670                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5152404607                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      5035601                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4529137157                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      9616911                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1601150943                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2373007992                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1991898                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5510084599                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.821972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.462506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3641754948     66.09%     66.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    700206876     12.71%     78.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    464838948      8.44%     87.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    281647066      5.11%     92.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    192172444      3.49%     95.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    126920222      2.30%     98.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     71743281      1.30%     99.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     25845897      0.47%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4954917      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5510084599                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6305221     31.85%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     31.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        22582      0.11%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       8765748     44.28%     76.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      4701327     23.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     31366047      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3255740756     71.88%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      7072629      0.16%     72.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    893363475     19.72%     92.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    341594250      7.54%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4529137157                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.698973                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           19794878                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004371                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  14594029949                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   6736034859                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4386931549                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     27335555                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     23304160                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12731509                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4503936185                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       13629803                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    100895115                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    344570267                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       855057                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       786319                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    138946008                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       224288                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            7                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     260261443                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1339225368                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     27605713                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5157440208                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     30254979                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1045273554                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    406679592                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4620297                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       8990816                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      3025512                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       786319                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     42301804                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     24334823                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     66636627                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4460143182                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    871461299                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     68993971                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1206986828                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       430927170                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         335525529                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.688325                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4413000715                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4399663058                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3063402189                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4741678697                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.678991                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.646059                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1671046317                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      3043703                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     62339914                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   5250446414                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.664438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.706065                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   4151123585     79.06%     79.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    391192171      7.45%     86.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    167651686      3.19%     89.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    205908551      3.92%     93.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     76241450      1.45%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     45516633      0.87%     95.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     33768863      0.64%     96.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23133363      0.44%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    155910112      2.97%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   5250446414                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1999765080                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3488597776                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             968436885                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            700703297                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             184022                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         367211017                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          10209758                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3466639161                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    155910112                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         10253429338                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        10580576951                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               18498704                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              969618575                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1999765080                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3488597776                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1999765080                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.240232                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.240232                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.308620                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.308620                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      8682815013                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     4896715055                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         12057040                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9370779                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2147416381                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2768055                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            2424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       175568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        78064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        74613072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        12579055                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           87450591                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     74613072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      74613072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         1368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      9111512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        10345776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               75                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        21946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          9326634                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1956915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            11315629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              57                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1226790                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1246111                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        81367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        36179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           34579251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            5829733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              40528768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      34579251                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         34579251                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       571383                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               634                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           4222709                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              4794725                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       572499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              1757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        81367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        36179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          34579251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          10052442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             45323493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        1752                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         696                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        18                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        12                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   9076                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       30                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       2448                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           14                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    6496                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    2580                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             8                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 15                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     6469607218                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   7092803                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    13211485                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            13156901                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 9566                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1029677                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   13156901                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        9566                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          34125004                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         15110942                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              14464                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              6091                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     3190947                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1961332                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1229615                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             6454182831.006164                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             15424386.993836                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.002384                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.997616                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
