
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289826217                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083178723010                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 294368                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   524929                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              182968510                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4488632                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      466276                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        831491                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        76096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        40192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              135104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        76096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          76224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        15360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            15360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1189                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data          628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 2111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            240                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 240                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     56530428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        883288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              441644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4637262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1324932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    262557338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    138676205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              466155206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441644                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    262557338                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         262998982                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         52997276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              52997276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         52997276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     56530428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       883288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             441644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4637262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1324932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    262557338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    138676205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             519152482                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      243                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.884305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083017979000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.884305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.555269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.555269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            256                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       122000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       122000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     46266968                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     46266968                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     46388968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     46388968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     46388968                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     46388968                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180730.343750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180730.343750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179107.984556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179107.984556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179107.984556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179107.984556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       194200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  22                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8827.272727                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            240                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 240                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        83900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        83900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     43183600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43183600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     43267500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43267500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     43267500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43267500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27966.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27966.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168685.937500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168685.937500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167055.984556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167055.984556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167055.984556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167055.984556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            4                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        16384                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            4                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                             5                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1325.175185                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                               2                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                             5                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.400000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           11.854188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.999964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    18.653442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.024074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    890.172240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    388.471340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.002894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.217327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.094842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.323529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1064                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          334                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   1481                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks              44                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                   44                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    1482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1064                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          334                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   1482                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1189                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          500                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 1727                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                128                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data          628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  1855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1189                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data          628                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 1855                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2208441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       607604                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    124623709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     53458203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      180897957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     13265725                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     13265725                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2208441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       607604                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    124623709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66723928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       194163682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2208441                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       607604                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    124623709                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66723928                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      194163682                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           89                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               3208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           44                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total               44                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           89                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data          629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                3337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           89                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data          629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               3337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.067416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.780696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.538342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992248                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.992248                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.067416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.780696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.555889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.067416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.780696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.555889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105163.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101267.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104813.884777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106916.406000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104746.935148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103638.476562                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103638.476562                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105163.857143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101267.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104813.884777                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106248.292994                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104670.448518                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105163.857143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101267.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104813.884777                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106248.292994                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104670.448518                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           128                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             1844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            1844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2093841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       574304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    118069109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     50732903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    171470157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     12556125                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12556125                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2093841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       574304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    118069109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     63289028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    184026282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2093841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       574304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    118069109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     63289028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    184026282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       636470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       636470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2055331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2055331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2691801                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2691801                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.067416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.780696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.534913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.067416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.780696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.552592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.067416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.780696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.552592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99706.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95717.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99301.185029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101465.806000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99924.333916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98094.726562                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98094.726562                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99706.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95717.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99301.185029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100778.707006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99797.332972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99706.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95717.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99301.185029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100778.707006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99797.332972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1316.972052                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.999964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    18.654459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.593087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    891.371087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    390.353517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.027202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.011913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.040191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1189                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          500                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 1727                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                128                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data          628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  1855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1189                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data          628                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 1855                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2020141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114027242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     48973765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      165575352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     12125351                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     12125351                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2020141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114027242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     61099116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       177700703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2020141                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554204                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114027242                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     61099116                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      177700703                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               1727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data          628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                1855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data          628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               1855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total                  1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96197.190476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92367.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95901.801514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97947.530000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95874.552403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94729.304688                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94729.304688                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96197.190476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92367.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95901.801514                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97291.585987                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95795.527224                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96197.190476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92367.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95901.801514                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97291.585987                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95795.527224                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           128                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             1844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            1844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1728509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       470700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97334009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     42024620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    141557838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     10304824                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10304824                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1728509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       470700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97334009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     52329444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    151862662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1728509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       470700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97334009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     52329444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    151862662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       566800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       566800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      1842100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1842100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2408900                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2408900                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.994070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82309.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81862.076535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84049.240000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82492.912587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80506.437500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80506.437500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82309.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81862.076535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83327.140127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82355.022777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82309.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81862.076535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83327.140127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82355.022777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           28                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   28                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          28                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 69                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                30                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          8                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1047                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               408.546500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   10110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1047                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  9.656160                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.562244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   407.984256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.796844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.797942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        12606                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          12618                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        12606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           12618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           12                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        12606                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          12618                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1834                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1836                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          1836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1834                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         1836                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163428894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    163428894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163428894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    163428894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163428894                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    163428894                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        14454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        14454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        14454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.142857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.127008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.127024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.142857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.127008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.127024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.142857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.127008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.127024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89110.629226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89013.558824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89110.629226                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89013.558824                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89110.629226                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89013.558824                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          311                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          311                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    129195662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129195662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    129195662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129195662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    129195662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129195662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.105471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.105369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.105471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.105369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.105471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.105369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84829.718976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84829.718976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84829.718976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84829.718976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84829.718976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84829.718976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           81                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.764568                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs            55                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           81                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.679012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.315970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.448598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.019748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.590537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.610286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          113                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          113                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           89                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           92                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           89                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           92                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           89                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           92                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1713280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1713280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1713280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1713280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1713280                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1713280                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.440594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.448780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.440594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.448780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.440594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.448780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19250.337079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18622.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19250.337079                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18622.608696                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19250.337079                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18622.608696                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           89                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           89                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           89                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           89                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           89                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           89                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1435933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1435933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1435933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1435933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1435933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1435933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.440594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.440594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.440594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16134.078652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16134.078652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16134.078652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16134.078652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16134.078652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16134.078652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         1074                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.345960                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         1074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.117318                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.052116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.293844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.065757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.830865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.896623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          158                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          160                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          158                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          160                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1085                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         1089                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         1089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1085                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         1089                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     13075875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13075875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     13075875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     13075875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     13075875                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     13075875                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.872888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.871898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.872888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.871898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.872888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.871898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12051.497696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12007.231405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12051.497696                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12007.231405                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12051.497696                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12007.231405                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9709271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9709271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9709271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9709271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9709271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9709271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.872888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.868695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.872888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.868695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.872888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.868695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8948.636866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8948.636866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8948.636866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8948.636866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8948.636866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8948.636866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   145                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               400.982987                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                    3276                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.593103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.248000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   399.734987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.002437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.780732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.783170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14539                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          14545                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         7999                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          7999                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        22538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           22544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        22538                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          22544                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          891                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          131                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          131                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          1022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1020                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         1022                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93927018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93927018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     14121144                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     14121144                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108048162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    108048162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108048162                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    108048162                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        15436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         8130                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         8130                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        23566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        23566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016113                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016113                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.043368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105654.688414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105417.528620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107794.992366                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107794.992366                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105929.570588                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105722.272016                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105929.570588                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105722.272016                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           44                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               44                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          391                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          391                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     54846880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54846880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     13493204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13493204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     68340084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68340084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     68340084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68340084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       664070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       664070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2132031                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2132031                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2796101                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2796101                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015867                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015867                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 109693.760000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109693.760000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104598.480620                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104598.480620                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 108648.782194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108648.782194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 108648.782194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108648.782194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  407016                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           21479                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        21479                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         3483                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        14529                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits            8049                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles        87841                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                 96792                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              21479                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches         8049                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                29518                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          13478                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1347                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles         58480                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          265                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            14440                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         1992                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             17                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       187285                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.000774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.500418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          158543     84.65%     84.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            1196      0.64%     85.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1167      0.62%     85.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            1591      0.85%     86.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            2147      1.15%     87.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            1583      0.85%     88.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            2135      1.14%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            1570      0.84%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           17353      9.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       187285                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.052772                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.237809                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles           85940                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles        64055                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            26697                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles          758                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles          9833                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        178815                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles          9833                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles           88393                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          34837                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        24242                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            24950                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles         5028                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        168399                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           95                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents           951                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         3292                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       181923                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       424278                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       424278                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       107689                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           74217                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          538                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          540                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            15572                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        20860                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        12530                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads          553                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          281                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            153610                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          853                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           137106                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          706                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        52574                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        76214                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          414                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       187285                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.732071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.516472                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       138378     73.89%     73.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        15099      8.06%     81.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        10335      5.52%     87.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3         8024      4.28%     91.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4         6283      3.35%     95.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         4365      2.33%     97.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         3497      1.87%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1106      0.59%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          198      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       187285                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            267     47.76%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           135     24.15%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          157     28.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2063      1.50%      1.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       105704     77.10%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        18588     13.56%     92.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        10751      7.84%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        137106                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.336857                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt                559                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004077                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       463176                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       207108                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       129877                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        135602                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2076                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         7960                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           63                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           74                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4386                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           11                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles          9833                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          29464                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          289                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       154463                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3281                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        20860                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        12530                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          717                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           127                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           74                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          752                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         3256                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         4008                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       132486                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        17559                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         4619                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               27818                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           13768                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             10259                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.325506                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                130284                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               129877                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers            84017                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           139618                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.319096                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.601763                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts        56767                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          438                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         3519                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       177524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.496538                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       144186     81.22%     81.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        12159      6.85%     88.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         6416      3.61%     91.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         4960      2.79%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         3343      1.88%     96.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1398      0.79%     97.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          981      0.55%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         1070      0.60%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         3011      1.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       177524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts        50631                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps         97697                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 21040                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                12897                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 34                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             10972                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts            96912                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         3011                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              328905                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             318868                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   1069                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 219731                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts              50631                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps                97697                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total        50631                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      8.038869                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                8.038869                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.124396                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.124396                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          261484                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         138730                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          57338                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           389                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5144296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645554                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645554                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38257409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23048294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237130877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451151615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749588195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237130877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237130877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227383039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227383039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38257409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23048294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237130877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678534654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976971234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870358                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415633                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733766                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              731954                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60628                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     731954                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937068                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838728                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192340                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106982                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85358                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870358                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003790                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003790173013                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               25087261882743                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 119745                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   226020                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5211489435                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4577224                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3838.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   459630130                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     867555397                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       933888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          2567040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        27840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       651200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      7913216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            12100352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       651200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         651200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      8782400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          8782400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             40110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        10175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       123644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               189068                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         137225                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              137225                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        46686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              128328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        32554                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       395586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 604903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        32554                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             32554                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           439037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                439037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           439037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        46686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             128328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        32554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       395586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1043940                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    90991                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.845707                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      40455                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    91003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.444546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.840883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.000301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.927555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.927857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          10831                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             10831                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          4624                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             4624                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           15455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              15455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          15455                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             15455                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        68528                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           68756                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        74502                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          89094                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        143030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           157850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       143030                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          157850                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      9964000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2777886133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2787850133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2566922176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   5009517000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7576439176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2576886176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   7787403133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10364289309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2576886176                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   7787403133                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10364289309                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        79359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         79587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        79126                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93718                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       158485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         173305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       158485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        173305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.863910                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.941562                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.950660                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.910822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.910822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43701.754386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40536.512564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40547.008741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175912.978070                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67240.033825                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85038.713898                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173878.959244                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54445.942341                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65659.102369                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173878.959244                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54445.942341                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65659.102369                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     18481400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1634                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11310.526316                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          55290                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               55290                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        68528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        68756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        74502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        89094                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       143030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       157850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       143030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       157850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      7069800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1924126624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1931196424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2391056800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4089284400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6480341200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2398126600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   6013411024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8411537624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2398126600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   6013411024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8411537624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.863910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.941562                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.950660                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.910822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.910822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 31007.894737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28077.962643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28087.678515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163860.800439                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54888.249980                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72736.000180                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161816.909582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42043.005132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53288.169933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161816.909582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42043.005132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53288.169933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          228                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       933888                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          228                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1569416                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4021.389231                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        17353512                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1573398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         11.029321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1154.007603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.001068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.000398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    41.822098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    21.235878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2184.270487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    619.051077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.281740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.005185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.533269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.151136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.981784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2557408                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       177870                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10888830                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1819745                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               15443853                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         2182617                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              2182617                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       110345                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              110345                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       524386                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               524386                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2557408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       177870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10888830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      2344131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                15968239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2557408                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       177870                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10888830                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2344131                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               15968239                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21686                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5355                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       787015                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       489160                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1303216                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        30297                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             30297                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       300941                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             300941                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       787015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       790101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1604157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21686                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5355                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       787015                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       790101                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1604157                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    497147077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    126917042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17938847425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14388134859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    32951046403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1054425514                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1054425514                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17258120415                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  17258120415                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    497147077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    126917042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17938847425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31646255274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     50209166818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    497147077                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    126917042                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17938847425                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31646255274                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    50209166818                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2579094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       183225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11675845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2308905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           16747069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2182617                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          2182617                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       140642                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          140642                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       825327                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           825327                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2579094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       183225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11675845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3134232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            17572396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2579094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       183225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11675845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3134232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           17572396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.211858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.077818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.215419                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.215419                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.364632                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.364632                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.252088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.091288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.252088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.091288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22924.793738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23700.661438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22793.526712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29413.964468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25284.409033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34802.967753                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34802.967753                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57347.189034                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57347.189034                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22924.793738                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23700.661438                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22793.526712                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40053.430225                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31299.409483                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22924.793738                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23700.661438                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22793.526712                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40053.430225                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31299.409483                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              511684                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   511684                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           36                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                40                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       787011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       489124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1303176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        30297                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        30297                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       300941                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        300941                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       787011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       790065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1604117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       787011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       790065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1604117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    380966448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     97407521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  13458117211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11665650490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25602141670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1611425128                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1611425128                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15566685090                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15566685090                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    380966448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     97407521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  13458117211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27232335580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41168826760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    380966448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     97407521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  13458117211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27232335580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41168826760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4511389973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4511389973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8749057949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8749057949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13260447922                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13260447922                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.211842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.215419                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215419                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.364632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.252076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.091286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.252076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17567.391312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18190.013259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17100.291115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23850.088096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19645.958543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53187.613559                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53187.613559                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51726.700882                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51726.700882                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17567.391312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18190.013259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17100.291115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34468.474847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25664.478813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17567.391312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18190.013259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17100.291115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34468.474847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25664.478813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        105293                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     31989.757518                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1632327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        137299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         11.888848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        21752.689640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.042138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.086271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.154287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   107.616828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    40.501498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4225.279644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   5858.386587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.663839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.128945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.178784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.976250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21251                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5243                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       776835                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       403936                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                1207265                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          511684                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               511684                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          386                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 386                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       158832                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               158832                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       776835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       562768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 1366097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21251                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5243                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       776835                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       562768                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                1366097                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          435                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10176                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        85188                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                95911                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        53813                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             53813                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       118207                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             118207                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       203395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                214118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          435                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10176                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       203395                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               214118                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     40491776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10501326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    952331212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4499718985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     5503043299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    820133824                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    820133824                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10409288883                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10409288883                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     40491776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10501326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    952331212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14909007868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     15912332182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     40491776                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10501326                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    952331212                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14909007868                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    15912332182                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       787011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       489124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1303176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       511684                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           511684                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        54199                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           54199                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       277039                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           277039                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       787011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       766163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1580215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       787011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       766163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1580215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.174164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.073598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992878                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.992878                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.426680                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.426680                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.265472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.135499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.265472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.135499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93084.542529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93761.839286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93586.007469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52821.042694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57376.560551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15240.440488                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15240.440488                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88059.834722                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88059.834722                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93084.542529                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93761.839286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93586.007469                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73300.758957                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74315.714615                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93084.542529                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93761.839286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93586.007469                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73300.758957                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74315.714615                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               81935                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    81935                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        85188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           95911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        53813                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        53813                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       118207                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        118207                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       203395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           214118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       203395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          214118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34402728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8932229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    808895637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3302438460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4154669054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2956321800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2956321800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8703268028                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8703268028                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34402728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8932229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    808895637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12005706488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12857937082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34402728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8932229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    808895637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12005706488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12857937082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4021062233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4021062233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7792470120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7792470120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11813532353                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11813532353                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.174164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992878                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992878                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.426680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.265472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.135499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.265472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79086.731034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79752.044643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79490.530366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38766.474856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43317.962006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54936.944604                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54936.944604                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73627.348871                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73627.348871                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79086.731034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79752.044643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79490.530366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59026.556641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60050.706069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79086.731034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79752.044643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79490.530366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59026.556641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60050.706069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1270661                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1594957                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18337                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      15492                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 10608                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 15487                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 1146030                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     33829                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     2865618                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                          1691                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   508168                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   637862                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            917                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            774                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               10098                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              11675845                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.993018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                33654519                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              11676357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.882279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5086465523857                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.993018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33652011                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       33652011                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33652011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        33652011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33652011                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       33652011                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12157862                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     12157862                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12157862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      12157862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12157862                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     12157862                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 160317282890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 160317282890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 160317282890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 160317282890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 160317282890                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 160317282890                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     45809873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     45809873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     45809873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     45809873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     45809873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     45809873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.265398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.265398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.265398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.265398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.265398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.265398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13186.305527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13186.305527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13186.305527                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13186.305527                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13186.305527                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13186.305527                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       110572                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 36857.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       481657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       481657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       481657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       481657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       481657                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       481657                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11676205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11676205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11676205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     11676205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11676205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     11676205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 113664349727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 113664349727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 113664349727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 113664349727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 113664349727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 113664349727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.254884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.254884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.254884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.254884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.254884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.254884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9734.699736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9734.699736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9734.699736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9734.699736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9734.699736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9734.699736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       183361                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999100                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        261825                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       183377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.427796                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5087106225300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       261767                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       261767                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       261767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       261767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       261767                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       261767                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       183573                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       183573                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       183573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       183573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       183573                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       183573                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3171399552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3171399552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3171399552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3171399552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3171399552                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3171399552                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       445340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       445340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       445340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       445340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       445340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       445340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.412209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.412209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.412209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.412209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.412209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.412209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17275.958621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17275.958621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17275.958621                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17275.958621                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17275.958621                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17275.958621                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         4184                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         4184                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       183573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       183573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       183573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       183573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       183573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       183573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2609958705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2609958705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2609958705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2609958705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2609958705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2609958705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.412209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.412209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.412209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14217.552173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14217.552173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14217.552173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14217.552173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14217.552173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14217.552173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      2582807                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999771                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        360021                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2582823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.139391                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5086420348300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       359987                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       359987                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       359987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       359987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       359987                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       359987                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2584161                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2584161                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2584161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2584161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2584161                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2584161                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  41632117094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  41632117094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  41632117094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  41632117094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  41632117094                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  41632117094                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2944148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2944148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2944148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2944148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2944148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2944148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.877728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.877728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.877728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16110.496635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16110.496635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16110.496635                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16110.496635                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16110.496635                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16110.496635                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         7192                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         7192                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2584161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2584161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2584161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2584161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2584161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2584161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  33749275765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33749275765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  33749275765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33749275765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  33749275765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33749275765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13060.051508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13060.051508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13060.051508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13060.051508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13060.051508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13060.051508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               3102941                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.980168                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                96571766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               3103453                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 31.117522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5086304686300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.000148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.980020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     59888426                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       59888426                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     36492331                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      36492331                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     96380757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        96380757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     96380757                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       96380757                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3762916                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3762916                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       970005                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       970005                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4732921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       4732921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4732921                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      4732921                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  86681436615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  86681436615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31525856043                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  31525856043                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 118207292658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 118207292658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 118207292658                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 118207292658                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63651342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63651342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     37462336                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     37462336                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    101113678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    101113678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    101113678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    101113678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.059118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025893                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025893                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23035.708641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23035.708641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32500.714989                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32500.714989                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24975.547375                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24975.547375                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24975.547375                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24975.547375                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2171241                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          2171241                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1448986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1448986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        10798                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        10798                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1459784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1459784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1459784                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1459784                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2313930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2313930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       959207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       959207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3273137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3273137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3273137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3273137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43238088059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43238088059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27931139030                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27931139030                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  71169227089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  71169227089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  71169227089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  71169227089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4707892833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4707892833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9100468677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9100468677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13808361510                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13808361510                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025605                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025605                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18685.996577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18685.996577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29118.989989                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29118.989989                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21743.430565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21743.430565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21743.430565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21743.430565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               740726190                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        57104178                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     57104178                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      7403039                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     48514184                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        29283341                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    387006701                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             282058887                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           57104178                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     29283341                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             90382946                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       26159118                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           2047269                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     147736270                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       202420                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       324803                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         45809875                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      5272861                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          79918                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    645941037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.833708                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.285718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       558499391     86.46%     86.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         6181332      0.96%     87.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         4408262      0.68%     88.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         6902776      1.07%     89.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         5321415      0.82%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         6077860      0.94%     90.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         6146285      0.95%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         4962391      0.77%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        47441325      7.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    645941037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.077092                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.380787                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       379797046                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    162444055                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         83920393                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1538952                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      18240591                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     527315003                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          359                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      18240591                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       384823000                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       49272703                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    101742119                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         80434135                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     11428489                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     511255500                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        50017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        774213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      7329892                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        17855                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    562044705                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   1287177640                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1276889609                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10288031                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    429033531                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       133011180                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2904399                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2927151                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         36980897                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     76583459                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     46855378                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      6611915                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4017209                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         488500184                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      4044682                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        460636710                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1143028                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     96626610                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    136731678                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1171772                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    645941037                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.713125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.461613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    469733934     72.72%     72.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     61045218      9.45%     82.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     41557926      6.43%     88.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     25611889      3.97%     92.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     20164104      3.12%     95.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     14075908      2.18%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      8585154      1.33%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      4242139      0.66%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       924765      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    645941037                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         777636     29.76%     29.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     29.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     29.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd       104311      3.99%     33.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     33.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     33.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     33.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     33.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     33.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     33.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     33.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     33.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     33.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     33.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     33.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     33.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     33.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     33.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       1019901     39.03%     72.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       711455     27.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      3191262      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    338752975     73.54%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      2807433      0.61%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     72362763     15.71%     90.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     43522277      9.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     460636710                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.621872                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            2613303                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005673                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1564878241                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    584070073                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    444388425                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7001339                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      5210652                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3177968                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     456522743                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        3536008                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      6556202                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     16180556                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        83951                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       115388                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      9320981                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       101987                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      18240591                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       40102989                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       427696                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    492544866                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      4262658                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     76583459                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     46855728                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3520753                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        156864                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        15082                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       115388                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      3080112                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      5139430                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      8219542                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    452829502                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     70340649                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      7807209                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           112863211                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        45477533                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          42522562                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.611332                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             448247392                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            447566393                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        288489771                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        448878725                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.604226                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.642690                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    105801534                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2872911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      7428012                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    628063286                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.615457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.577537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    497463700     79.21%     79.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     47441640      7.55%     86.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     22261806      3.54%     90.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     23701192      3.77%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     12022413      1.91%     95.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      4969432      0.79%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      3897123      0.62%     97.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3290572      0.52%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     13015408      2.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    628063286                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    205194079                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     386545646                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              97937650                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             60402903                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             423218                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          40449879                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           2556747                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        382797988                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     13015408                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          1106810242                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         1002967713                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                5385387                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               94785153                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59331003199                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          205194079                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            386545646                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    205194079                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.609881                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.609881                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.277017                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.277017                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       898302142                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      484528724                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          5672404                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         2996511                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      209458964                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2641869                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2505981                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1201152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        73456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2714337480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       449709019                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3167832856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2714337480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2714337480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      2181685                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    302734279                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       307877372                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            81633                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       150144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        339292185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         71281832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           410815697                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           77285                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        45052546                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           45176103                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             125275                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        60046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          135691159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           22481191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             158361632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     135691159                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        135691159                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            109064                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          15133846                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             15390952                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            234339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        60046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         135691159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          37615037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            173752584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1594957                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1270661                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     15492                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18337                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                11555                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                18333                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                1146030                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    33829                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    2865618                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                         1691                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  637862                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  508168                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           774                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           917                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               9189                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60073287865                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 253549404                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   479436332                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           475108570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              2026873                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     32833291                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  475108570                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     2026873                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1213968507                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        533383291                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            3383529                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes           1655508                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   116408014                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  71300397                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 45107617                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59509925822.871277                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             563362042.128721                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.009378                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.990622                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
