
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  65619                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   117004                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               35755993                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491132                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.17                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      535932                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        955613                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        79296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        81408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              303680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        77504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            77504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1239                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1272                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4745                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1211                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1211                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    271531879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    466359837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    278763962                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1039886008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    466359837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         466578991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        265395565                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             265395565                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        265395565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    271531879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    466359837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    278763962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1305281573                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1238                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.722474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1238                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613647000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.722474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.545155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.545155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1244                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1244                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1264                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1264                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       841000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       841000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    215889840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    215889840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    216730840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    216730840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    216730840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    216730840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1244                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1244                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        42050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        42050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173544.887460                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173544.887460                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171464.272152                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171464.272152                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171464.272152                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171464.272152                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       824000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  93                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8860.215054                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1218                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1218                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       589100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       589100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    201027660                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    201027660                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    201616760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    201616760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    201616760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    201616760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        29455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        29455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161597.797428                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161597.797428                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 159506.930380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159506.930380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 159506.930380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159506.930380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           20                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        81920                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           20                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1620                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1429.845478                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1620                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.690741                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           66.111698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.629228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.214964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.962936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    24.253204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.039129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    935.915398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    387.718922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.016141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.228495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.094658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.349083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2535                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1213                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          256                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4071                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             542                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  542                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2535                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           67                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1213                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          320                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4135                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2555                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1039                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3733                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          317                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                318                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2555                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1356                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4051                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8038277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3148548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232516247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105445092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      349148164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32782208                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32782208                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8038277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3148548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232516247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    138227300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       381930372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8038277                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3148548                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232516247                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    138227300                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      381930372                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          542                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              542                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          381                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              382                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.355769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.678079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.802317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.478344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.832021                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.832461                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.355769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.678079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.809069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.494869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.355769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.678079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.809069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.494869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89314.188889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85095.891892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91004.401957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101487.095284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93530.180552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103413.905363                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103088.704403                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89314.188889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85095.891892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91004.401957                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101937.536873                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94280.516416                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89314.188889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85095.891892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91004.401957                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101937.536873                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94280.516416                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  84                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       84                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          317                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           317                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7546225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2944854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    218337654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99746094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    328574827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31021716                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31021716                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7546225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2944854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    218337654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130767810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    359596543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7546225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2944854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    218337654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130767810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    359596543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3191239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3191239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7059151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7059151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10250390                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10250390                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.355769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.678079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.802317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.476807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.832021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.829843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.355769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.678079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.809069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.493281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.355769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.678079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.809069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.493281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83846.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79590.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85455.050489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96002.015399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88302.829078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97860.302839                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97860.302839                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83846.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79590.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85455.050489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96436.438053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89053.131005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83846.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79590.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85455.050489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96436.438053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89053.131005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1803.846097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            9.405162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.391162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.154706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1203.187821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    538.707382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          427                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    539                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              84                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   84                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           82                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          427                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           82                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    543                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2128                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          961                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3194                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2128                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1272                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3506                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6962625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2674954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204346146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     95070830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      309054555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29725688                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29725688                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6962625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2674954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204346146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124796518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       338780243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6962625                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2674954                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204346146                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124796518                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      338780243                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           84                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               84                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          315                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              316                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           90                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.755556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.832877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.924928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.855612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.987302                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.987342                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.755556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.832877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.939439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.865893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.755556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.832877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.939439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.865893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102391.544118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106998.160000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96027.324248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98929.063476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96760.975266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95580.990354                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95274.641026                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102391.544118                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106998.160000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96027.324248                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98110.470126                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96628.705933                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102391.544118                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106998.160000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96027.324248                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98110.470126                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96628.705933                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6017531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2328165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174452573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81667299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    264465568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25304891                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25304891                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6017531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2328165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174452573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106972190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    289770459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6017531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2328165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174452573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106972190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    289770459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2841314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2841314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9157814                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9157814                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.755556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.832877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.924928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.852398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.987302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.755556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.832877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.939439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.862682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.755556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.832877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.939439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.862682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88493.102941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93126.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81979.592575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84981.580645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83113.000629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81366.209003                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81366.209003                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88493.102941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93126.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81979.592575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84097.633648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82957.474664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88493.102941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93126.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81979.592575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84097.633648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82957.474664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3257                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.697976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22047                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3257                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.769113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598616869300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.298296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.399680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.869921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25823                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25832                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25823                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25832                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4482                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4483                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4482                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4483                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    318671035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    318671035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    318671035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    318671035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    318671035                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    318671035                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.147896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.147881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.147896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.147881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.147896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.147881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71100.186301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71084.326344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71100.186301                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71084.326344                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71100.186301                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71084.326344                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    249459432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    249459432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    249459432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    249459432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    249459432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    249459432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.124336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.124336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.124336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66204.732484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66204.732484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66204.732484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66204.732484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66204.732484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66204.732484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           91                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.007468                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           91                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.659341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598748878300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.872959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.679560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.687967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          384                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          384                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          107                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          107                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4276596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4276596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4276596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4276596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4276596                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4276596                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.213115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.217923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.213115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.217923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.213115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.217923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 41121.115385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39968.186916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 41121.115385                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39968.186916                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 41121.115385                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39968.186916                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3936935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3936935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3936935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3936935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3936935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3936935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.213115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.211813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.213115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.211813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.213115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.211813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37855.144231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37855.144231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37855.144231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37855.144231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37855.144231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37855.144231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2616                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.917043                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           717                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.274083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598618933300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.817408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.099635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          793                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          793                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          793                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          793                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2626                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2633                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2626                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2633                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36231875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36231875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36231875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     36231875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36231875                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     36231875                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.768535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.768535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.768535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13797.362909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13760.681732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13797.362909                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13760.681732                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13797.362909                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13760.681732                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28112954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28112954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28112954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28112954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28112954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28112954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10705.618431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10705.618431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10705.618431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10705.618431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10705.618431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10705.618431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1165                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               425.133996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   26091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.395708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7598701690300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.501733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   424.632264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.829360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.830340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31874                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31874                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17358                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17359                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49232                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49233                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2409                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2410                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          397                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          398                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2806                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2808                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    215340246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    215340246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36614808                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36614808                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    251955054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    251955054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    251955054                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    251955054                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022414                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89389.890411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89352.799170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92228.735516                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91997.005025                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89791.537420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89727.583333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89791.537420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89727.583333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          542                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              542                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1124                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1124                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111657319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111657319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34207244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34207244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145864563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145864563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145864563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145864563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3330546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3330546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7327843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7327843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10658389                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10658389                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021797                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021794                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032321                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032321                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86221.867954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86221.867954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88390.811370                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88390.811370                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86720.905470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86720.905470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86720.905470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86720.905470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876762                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44228                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44228                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6863                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32093                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17753                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       195990                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                212505                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44228                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17753                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62652                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27632                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4315                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        162692                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          297                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          364                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30305                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4064                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             61                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       446807                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.883549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.359440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          385480     86.27%     86.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2746      0.61%     86.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2466      0.55%     87.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3303      0.74%     88.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4979      1.11%     89.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3697      0.83%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5762      1.29%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2776      0.62%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35598      7.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       446807                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050445                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.242375                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          193759                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       173553                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56752                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2243                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20497                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        379181                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20497                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          198885                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         109349                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        50658                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            53884                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13531                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        360622                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2894                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8881                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       397905                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       901646                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       901492                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          154                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       243144                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          154626                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1069                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1061                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36386                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47678                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27445                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3105                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1418                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            334969                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1789                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           296825                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1760                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       111907                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       168372                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          898                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       446807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.664325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.437184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       336865     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36595      8.19%     83.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23338      5.22%     88.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17998      4.03%     92.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12931      2.89%     95.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9858      2.21%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6516      1.46%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2198      0.49%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          508      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       446807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            725     47.98%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           399     26.41%     74.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          387     25.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3272      1.10%      1.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       228638     77.03%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41626     14.02%     92.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23279      7.84%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        296825                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.338547                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1511                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005091                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1044761                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       448743                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       282847                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        295035                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5090                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18159                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          133                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9636                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20497                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          93342                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1024                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       336758                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5247                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47678                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27445                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1390                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           551                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           47                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1449                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6546                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7995                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       288084                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39452                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8741                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61659                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29495                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22207                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.328577                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                283636                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               282864                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           186187                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           296096                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322623                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628806                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       120898                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6909                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       426399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.435638                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       352178     82.59%     82.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27460      6.44%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13757      3.23%     92.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11736      2.75%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6864      1.61%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3437      0.81%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2009      0.47%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2765      0.65%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6193      1.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       426399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117255                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        215776                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47290                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29487                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23904                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           213859                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6193                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              756737                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             694100                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2548                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 429955                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117255                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               215776                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117255                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.477395                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.477395                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.133736                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.133736                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          558385                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         309024                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         126253                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.014287                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5014286842851                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               12613349996361                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  22303                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    38899                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               83916868                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4930668                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 59753.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1332683933                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2324352573                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3178496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            13248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2437184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       503168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     35966656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    196425024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           238523776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     35966656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       35966656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    113660416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        113660416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        49664                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        38081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7862                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       561979                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      3069141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              3726934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        1775944                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             1775944                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       633888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                2642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       486048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       100347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      7172836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     39173073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               47568834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      7172836                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           7172836                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         22667314                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              22667314                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         22667314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       633888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               2642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       486048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       100347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      7172836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     39173073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              70236148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    50720                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.152813                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    50732                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.002957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     4.267689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         9.885124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.266731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.617820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.884551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             49                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                49                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            21                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               21                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             70                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                70                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          776                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet          222                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             998                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49664                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet          285                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          49949                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            50947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          507                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           50947                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     32634000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet     10154937                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     42788937                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8938524792                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet     21530000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8960054792                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8971158792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet     31684937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   9002843729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8971158792                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet     31684937                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   9002843729                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet          271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total          1047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet          306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49970                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          51017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         51017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.819188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.953200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.931373                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999580                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.878683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.998628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.878683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42054.123711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 45742.959459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42874.686373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179979.961179                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 75543.859649                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179384.067589                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177858.025218                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62494.944773                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176709.987418                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177858.025218                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62494.944773                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176709.987418                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     61216300                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                5923                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10335.353706                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          49850                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               49850                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        49949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     23069800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      7400100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30469900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8340073460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     18024100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8358097560                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8363143260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     25424200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8388567460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8363143260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     25424200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8388567460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.819188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.931373                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999580                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.878683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.878683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29729.123711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 33333.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30530.961924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167929.958521                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 63242.456140                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167332.630483                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165803.791832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50146.351085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164652.824700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165803.791832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50146.351085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164652.824700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          776                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3178496                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          776                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      19624188                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3324.772492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        49400187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      19627630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.516870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          674.878638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    41.483085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    14.135903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    974.463239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1619.811589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.164765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.237906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.395462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.811712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19624568                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1246972                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5307784                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      9924483                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               36103807                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        17113041                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             17113041                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1094424                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1094424                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7490689                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              7490689                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19624568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1246972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5307784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     17415172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                43594496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19624568                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1246972                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5307784                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     17415172                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               43594496                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       848273                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       275843                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4466932                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     10214256                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             15805304                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks             1                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                  1                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        14566                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             14566                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3339062                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            3339062                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       848273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       275843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4466932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     13553318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              19144366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       848273                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       275843                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4466932                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     13553318                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             19144366                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  21491335135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6682131340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 142593924821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 361306637736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   532074029032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78604381                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     78604381                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 183592586232                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 183592586232                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  21491335135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6682131340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 142593924821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 544899223968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    715666615264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  21491335135                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6682131340                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 142593924821                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 544899223968                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   715666615264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20472841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1522815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9774716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     20138739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           51909111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     17113042                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         17113042                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1108990                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1108990                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10829751                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         10829751                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20472841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1522815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9774716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     30968490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            62738862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20472841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1522815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9774716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     30968490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           62738862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.041434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.181140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.456988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.507194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.304480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000000                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000000                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013134                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.013134                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.308323                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.308323                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.041434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.181140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.456988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.437649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.305144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.041434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.181140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.456988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.437649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.305144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25335.399258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24224.400619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31922.116751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35372.780723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33664.270490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  5396.428738                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5396.428738                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54983.281602                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54983.281602                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25335.399258                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24224.400619                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31922.116751                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40204.120051                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37382.622922                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25335.399258                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24224.400619                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31922.116751                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40204.120051                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37382.622922                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             6716129                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  6716129                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          177                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          228                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               435                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       848096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       275615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4466928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10214230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15804869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        14566                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        14566                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3339062                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3339062                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       848096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       275615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4466928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13553292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         19143931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       848096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       275615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4466928                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13553292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        19143931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16897489451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5148588281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 117295013845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 304163287047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 443504378624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    690835298                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    690835298                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 165064475234                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 165064475234                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16897489451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5148588281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 117295013845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 469227762281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 608568853858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16897489451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5148588281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 117295013845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 469227762281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 608568853858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    124504503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    124504503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    350592622                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    350592622                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    475097125                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    475097125                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.041425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.180990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.456988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.507193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013134                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013134                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.308323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.041425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.180990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.456988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.437648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.305137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.041425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.180990                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.456988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.437648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 19924.029179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18680.363119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26258.541406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29778.386334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28061.249899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47427.934780                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47427.934780                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49434.384637                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49434.384637                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 19924.029179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18680.363119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26258.541406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34620.943921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31789.127001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 19924.029179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18680.363119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26258.541406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34620.943921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31789.127001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       3650737                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32559.461174                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        18844582                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       3683372                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          5.116122                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7628582803061                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11589.716079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.038101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.110350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.003845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   318.053136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    82.304261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4425.642405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  16143.592996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.353690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.135060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.492663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.993636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       810015                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       267753                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3904948                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8540931                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               13523647                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         6716130                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              6716130                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         8762                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                8762                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1942586                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1942586                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       810015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       267753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3904948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     10483517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                15466233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       810015                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       267753                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3904948                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     10483517                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               15466233                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        38081                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7862                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       561980                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1673299                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              2281222                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5875                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              5875                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1396405                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            1396405                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        38081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       561980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      3069704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               3677627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        38081                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7862                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       561980                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      3069704                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              3677627                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3552343126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    744658257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  52522213471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 156525668665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   213344883519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     48691095                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     48691095                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 129662863838                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 129662863838                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3552343126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    744658257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  52522213471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 286188532503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    343007747357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3552343126                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    744658257                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  52522213471                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 286188532503                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   343007747357                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       848096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       275615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4466928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10214230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           15804869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      6716130                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          6716130                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        14637                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           14637                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3338991                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3338991                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       848096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       275615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4466928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13553221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            19143860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       848096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       275615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4466928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13553221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           19143860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.028525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.163820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.144337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.401380                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.401380                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.418212                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.418212                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.028525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.226493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.192105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.028525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.226493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.192105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93283.871905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94716.135462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93459.221807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93543.155566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93522.192719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8287.845957                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8287.845957                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92854.769095                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92854.769095                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93283.871905                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94716.135462                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93459.221807                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93230.009311                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93268.770149                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93283.871905                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94716.135462                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93459.221807                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93230.009311                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93268.770149                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             1726094                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  1726094                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        38081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       561980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1673299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2281222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5875                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         5875                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1396405                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1396405                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        38081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       561980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3069704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          3677627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        38081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       561980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3069704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         3677627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3018150205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    634735837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  44597172674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 132942683444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 181192742160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    456945993                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    456945993                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 109620690204                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 109620690204                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3018150205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    634735837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  44597172674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 242563373648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 290813432364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3018150205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    634735837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  44597172674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 242563373648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 290813432364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    111094329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    111094329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    308231983                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    308231983                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    419326312                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    419326312                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.028525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.163820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.401380                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401380                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.418212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.418212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044902                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.028525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.226493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.192105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044902                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.028525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.125809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.226493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.192105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79256.064835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80734.652379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79357.223876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79449.448929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79427.930364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77778.041362                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77778.041362                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78502.075117                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78502.075117                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79256.064835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80734.652379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79357.223876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79018.489616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79076.380602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79256.064835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80734.652379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79357.223876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79018.489616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79076.380602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                         3864                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         6532                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         68                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         68                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    67                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   16586                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                       136                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                       10396                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            27                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     6165                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    10421                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             14                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                             14                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  44                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               9774752                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               313849153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               9775264                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 32.106463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    313840813                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      313840813                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    313840813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       313840813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    313840813                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      313840813                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     10574099                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     10574099                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     10574099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      10574099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     10574099                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     10574099                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 275063500276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 275063500276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 275063500276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 275063500276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 275063500276                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 275063500276                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    324414912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    324414912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    324414912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    324414912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    324414912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    324414912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26012.949214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26012.949214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26012.949214                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26012.949214                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26012.949214                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26012.949214                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5178283                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            131                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 39528.877863                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       799280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       799280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       799280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       799280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       799280                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       799280                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9774819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      9774819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9774819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      9774819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9774819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      9774819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 214997310764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 214997310764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 214997310764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 214997310764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 214997310764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 214997310764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21995.017070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21995.017070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21995.017070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21995.017070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21995.017070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21995.017070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      1523391                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998434                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       5441166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1523407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.571709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.998434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5440935                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5440935                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5440935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5440935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5440935                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5440935                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1523614                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1523614                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1523614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1523614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1523614                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1523614                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  26073012923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26073012923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  26073012923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  26073012923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  26073012923                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  26073012923                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6964549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6964549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6964549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      6964549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6964549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      6964549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.218767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.218767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.218767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17112.610493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17112.610493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17112.610493                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17112.610493                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17112.610493                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17112.610493                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2172                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2172                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1523614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1523614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1523614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1523614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1523614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1523614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  21214375460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21214375460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  21214375460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21214375460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  21214375460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21214375460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.218767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13923.720483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13923.720483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13923.720483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13923.720483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13923.720483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13923.720483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     20491603                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998839                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      39732303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     20491619                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.938954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     39731723                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     39731723                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     39731723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     39731723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     39731723                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     39731723                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20498383                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     20498383                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20498383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     20498383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20498383                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     20498383                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 264798945858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 264798945858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 264798945858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 264798945858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 264798945858                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 264798945858                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     60230106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     60230106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     60230106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     60230106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     60230106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     60230106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.340334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.340334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.340334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.340334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.340334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.340334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12918.040699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12918.040699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12918.040699                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12918.040699                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12918.040699                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12918.040699                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       298619                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       298619                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20498383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     20498383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20498383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     20498383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20498383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     20498383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 200502926475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 200502926475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 200502926475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 200502926475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 200502926475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 200502926475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.340334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.340334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.340334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9781.402098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9781.402098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9781.402098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9781.402098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9781.402098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9781.402098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              30968509                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999909                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               632327571                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              30969021                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 20.418068                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    469776922                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      469776922                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    161259332                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     161259332                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    631036254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       631036254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    631036254                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      631036254                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     33497837                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     33497837                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11952858                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     11952858                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     45450695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      45450695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     45450695                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     45450695                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1088061483176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1088061483176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 348799998286                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 348799998286                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1436861481462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1436861481462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1436861481462                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1436861481462                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    503274759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    503274759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    173212190                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    173212190                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    676486949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    676486949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    676486949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    676486949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.066560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069007                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.069007                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.067186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.067186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32481.544500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32481.544500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29181.305282                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29181.305282                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31613.630583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31613.630583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31613.630583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31613.630583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     16812251                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         16812251                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     13356068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     13356068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        23940                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        23940                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     13380008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     13380008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     13380008                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     13380008                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     20141769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     20141769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11928918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     11928918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     32070687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     32070687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     32070687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     32070687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 505232186425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 505232186425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 303947845345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 303947845345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 809180031770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 809180031770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 809180031770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 809180031770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    129839803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    129839803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    366088846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    366088846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    495928649                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    495928649                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.068869                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068869                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25083.804031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25083.804031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25479.917403                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25479.917403                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25231.141190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25231.141190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25231.141190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25231.141190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              4087883196                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       387867244                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    387867244                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     40678297                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    275640871                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       221767451                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1266328718                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            2133582625                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          387867244                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    221767451                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            630667747                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      215644373                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          52974896                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1433098381                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        91355                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1060593                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1285                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        324415032                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     19510811                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes         735394                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   3558286496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.051992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.501029                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2938116971     82.57%     82.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        38468426      1.08%     83.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        39421159      1.11%     84.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        54076439      1.52%     86.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        43418771      1.22%     87.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        49637380      1.39%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        38492180      1.08%     89.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        42308012      1.19%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       314347158      8.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   3558286496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.094882                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.521928                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1308370283                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1470129856                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        579050441                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     26672395                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     174063521                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    3655398420                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1164                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     174063521                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1365112813                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1187909031                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     41359713                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        544251943                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    245589475                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    3551843956                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      1968179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      39044693                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    193737125                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1257597                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   4007096029                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   8932905376                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   8904169563                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     28735813                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   2601457196                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      1405638951                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1744599                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1754707                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        521119599                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    684234970                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    265699269                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     44253415                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     27567851                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        3399882611                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      3069885                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       2977262329                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      9027954                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1078851036                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   1601472178                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1227861                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   3558286496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.836712                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.476720                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   2337803018     65.70%     65.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    453394166     12.74%     78.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    302292100      8.50%     86.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    185135345      5.20%     92.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    127178809      3.57%     95.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     83847698      2.36%     98.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     47777902      1.34%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     17602874      0.49%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      3254584      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   3558286496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        5081855     35.61%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     35.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        12034      0.08%     35.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     35.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     35.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     35.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     35.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     35.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       5888401     41.27%     76.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      3286995     23.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     19493285      0.65%      0.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   2148926930     72.18%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      4538130      0.15%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    582692489     19.57%     92.56% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    221611495      7.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    2977262329                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.728314                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           14269285                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004793                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   9534635934                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   4467355313                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2882876518                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     17484494                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     14934506                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      8148676                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    2963321242                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        8717087                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     64356831                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    230079778                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       551686                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       512303                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     92487729                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       218798                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          222                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     174063521                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      860270320                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     18356798                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   3402952496                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     19515994                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    684234970                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    265699269                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      2790123                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       6698961                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      2052045                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       512303                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     28063009                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     15910527                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     43973536                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   2931543561                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    567938493                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     45718768                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           785548311                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       282640378                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         217609818                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.717130                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            2899746630                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           2891025194                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       2027975521                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       3131383281                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.707218                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.647629                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1123630107                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1842024                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     40798740                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   3384560144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.673917                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.719155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   2668998249     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    252894146      7.47%     86.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    108823626      3.22%     89.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    134572181      3.98%     93.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     49908070      1.47%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     29583578      0.87%     95.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     21926172      0.65%     96.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     15284899      0.45%     96.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    102569223      3.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   3384560144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1309424246                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    2280913220                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             627366747                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            454155203                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             133747                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         239848427                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           6558264                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       2266902615                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    102569223                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          6686077915                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         6983969470                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               10754851                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              529596700                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         10968860990                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1309424246                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           2280913220                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1309424246                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.121894                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.121894                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.320318                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.320318                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      5691937311                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     3237029734                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          7824574                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         5965511                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     1404492186                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1655385                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            9412                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       624112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       265712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       234312304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        39176874                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          274390846                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    234312304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     234312304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1249280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         6744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     28033665                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        29289689                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        78014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        33214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         29289038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          6109743                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            35510618                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet             283                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         3784844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            3804647                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       124467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        52991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           46728939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            7813050                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              54721809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      46728939                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         46728939                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       249144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet              1345                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           5590758                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              5841247                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       249629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              3222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       124467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        52991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          46728939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          13403808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             60563056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          305                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1249280                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          305                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        6532                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                        3864                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        68                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        68                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   22                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   67                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  16586                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                      136                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                      10396                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           27                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   10421                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    6165                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                            14                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            14                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 53                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    15057919878                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  22185702                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    41535824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            41373887                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                32898                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3339145                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   41373887                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       32898                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         107364819                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         47770666                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              49571                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             20654                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     9920740                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   6127037                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  3793703                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             15009271305.064474                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             48648572.935525                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.003231                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.996769                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
