
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   291670038                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15001540942167                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 105756                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   188224                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               58203828                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490180                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      529958                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        943221                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       123840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        66688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              283840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       123840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         124032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              877704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6802207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    424589378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    228641929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              973154466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         658278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    424589378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         425247656                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        305441041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             877704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6802207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    424589378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    228641929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1278595507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.517290                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             15001367602000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.517290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.594831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.594831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       927000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       927000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250296824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    250296824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    251223824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    251223824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    251223824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    251223824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42136.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42136.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177767.630682                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177767.630682                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175680.995804                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175680.995804                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175680.995804                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175680.995804                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1683100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 155                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10858.709677                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       653200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       653200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233334084                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233334084                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233987284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233987284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233987284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233987284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29690.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29690.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165720.230114                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165720.230114                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163627.471329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163627.471329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163627.471329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163627.471329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           109                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1831.532211                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              33                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           109                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.302752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           65.400544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.296444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.453722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.243772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1227.810801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    500.326981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.015967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.299758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.122150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.447151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2371                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           91                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2155                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          542                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5162                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             490                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  490                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           91                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2371                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           91                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2155                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          619                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5239                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          814                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2820                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                234                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1046                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3054                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3247518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201569390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85523880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      290967223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     23975239                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     23975239                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3247518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201569390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109499119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       314942462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3247518                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626435                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201569390                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109499119                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      314942462                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          490                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              490                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          309                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.061856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.476052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.600295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.353295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.750809                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.752412                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.061856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.476052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.628228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.368262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.061856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.476052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.628228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.368262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104758.645161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104405.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102946.573034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105066.191646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103179.866312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103341.547414                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102458.286325                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104758.645161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104405.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102946.573034                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104683.670172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103124.578258                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104758.645161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104405.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102946.573034                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104683.670172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103124.578258                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   5                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        5                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3078118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    190760082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81066048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    275497683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       189126                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       189126                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22689239                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22689239                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3078118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    190760082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103755287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    298186922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3078118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    190760082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103755287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    298186922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3818034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3818034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7507975                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7507975                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11326009                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11326009                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.061856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.476052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.600295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.750809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.745981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.061856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.476052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.628228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.366695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.061856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.476052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.628228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.366695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99294.129032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98905.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97425.986721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99589.739558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98076.782841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        94563                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94563                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97798.443966                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97798.443966                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99294.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98905.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97425.986721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99192.434990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98055.548175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99294.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98905.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97425.986721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99192.434990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98055.548175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1803.188206                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.607957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.571674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.244062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1245.086067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    517.678539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.037997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.015798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     27                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               5                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    5                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      27                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     27                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1935                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          810                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2793                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                234                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1935                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1042                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3027                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2970918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    183852956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78179049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      265575958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21906939                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     21906939                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2970918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    183852956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100085988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       287482897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2970918                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573035                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    183852956                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100085988                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      287482897                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            5                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                5                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              234                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.990426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.991159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.991159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95836.064516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95505.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95014.447545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96517.344444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95086.272109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94426.461207                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93619.397436                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95836.064516                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95505.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95014.447545                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96051.811900                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94972.876445                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95836.064516                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95505.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95014.447545                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96051.811900                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94972.876445                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2541418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    156650769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66845420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226526554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     18609187                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18609187                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2541418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    156650769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85454607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    245135741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2541418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    156650769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85454607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    245135741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.986902                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986902                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81981.225806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81491.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80956.469767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82525.209877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81425.792236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80212.012931                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80212.012931                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81981.225806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81491.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80956.469767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82010.179463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81332.362641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81981.225806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81491.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80956.469767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82010.179463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81332.362641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 71                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                24                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         5                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3603                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               434.454415                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   19039                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3603                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.284208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          15001537195000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.377617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   434.076798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.847806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.848544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22691                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          22705                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           22705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22691                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          22705                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4809                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4812                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4809                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4812                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294645060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    294645060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294645060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    294645060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294645060                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    294645060                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        27517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        27517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.174873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.174874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.174873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.174874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.174873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.174874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61269.507174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61231.309227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61269.507174                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61231.309227                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61269.507174                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61231.309227                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    227711713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227711713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    227711713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    227711713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    227711713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    227711713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55363.898128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55363.898128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55363.898128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55363.898128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55363.898128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55363.898128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           87                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.452409                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           87                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.827586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.258068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.194342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.016129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.637146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.653276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          261                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          264                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          261                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          264                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          100                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          100                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2064949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2064949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2064949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2064949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2064949                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2064949                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.270950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.274725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.270950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.274725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.270950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.274725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21288.134021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20649.490000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21288.134021                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20649.490000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21288.134021                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20649.490000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           97                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1765659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1765659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1765659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.270950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.270950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.270950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18202.670103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18202.670103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18202.670103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18202.670103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18202.670103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18202.670103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2392                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.866582                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2392                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.075669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.045882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.820700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.002868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.863794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.866661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          291                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          291                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          291                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          291                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2403                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2409                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2403                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2409                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32444192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32444192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32444192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     32444192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32444192                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     32444192                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.892222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.892222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.892222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13501.536413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13467.908676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13501.536413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13467.908676                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13501.536413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13467.908676                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25070562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25070562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25070562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25070562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25070562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25070562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.890000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.890000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.890000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10433.026217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10433.026217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10433.026217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10433.026217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10433.026217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10433.026217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1173                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               369.560912                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   29499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1173                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 25.148338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.172194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   368.388718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.002289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.719509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.721799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        29465                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          29466                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15643                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15646                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        45108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           45112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        45108                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          45112                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2564                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2566                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          325                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          327                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2889                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2893                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    195259807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    195259807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27602196                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27602196                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    222862003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    222862003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    222862003                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    222862003                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        32029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        32032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15968                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15973                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        48005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        48005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.080052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.080107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020472                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76154.370905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76095.014419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84929.833846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84410.385321                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77141.572516                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77034.912893                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77141.572516                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77034.912893                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          490                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              490                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1218                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1218                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94419099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94419099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25605449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25605449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120024548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120024548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120024548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120024548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3988843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3988843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7792080                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7792080                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11780923                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11780923                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019727                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019721                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69630.603982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69630.603982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81287.139683                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81287.139683                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71827.976062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71827.976062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71827.976062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71827.976062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  777754                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           41672                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        41672                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6390                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        31435                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           16626                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       178661                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                196733                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              41672                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        16626                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                58252                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          25400                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2046                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        146052                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           19                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          437                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            27500                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3957                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             36                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       404228                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.906159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.382144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          347165     85.88%     85.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2743      0.68%     86.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2062      0.51%     87.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2906      0.72%     87.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4674      1.16%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4110      1.02%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5461      1.35%     91.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2158      0.53%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           32949      8.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       404228                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.053580                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.252950                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          176621                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       153881                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            51787                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         3173                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18761                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        352390                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18761                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          181182                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          85137                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        56130                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            50422                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12591                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        335533                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          166                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          3526                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7431                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          102                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       371139                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       835123                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       835033                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       232495                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          138644                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          979                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          974                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            32734                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        43092                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24309                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2199                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1122                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            312271                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1685                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           278769                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1600                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       101581                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       149020                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          836                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       404228                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.689633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.453202                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       300757     74.40%     74.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        34297      8.48%     82.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        21700      5.37%     88.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17697      4.38%     92.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12225      3.02%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9109      2.25%     97.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5983      1.48%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2042      0.51%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          418      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       404228                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            655     47.02%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           386     27.71%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          352     25.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3084      1.11%      1.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       216454     77.65%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        38287     13.73%     92.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        20934      7.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        278769                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.358428                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1393                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004997                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       965612                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       415632                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       266075                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        277064                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4367                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15596                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          145                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8296                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           40                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18761                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          72935                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          951                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       313956                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4795                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        43092                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24309                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1263                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           527                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          145                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1249                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6287                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7536                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       271082                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        36479                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7687                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               56458                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           28076                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             19979                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.348545                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                266826                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               266084                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           175730                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           278933                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.342118                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.630008                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       109261                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          849                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6449                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       385539                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.530893                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.488145                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       316994     82.22%     82.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24768      6.42%     88.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12672      3.29%     91.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10500      2.72%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6349      1.65%     96.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3431      0.89%     97.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1798      0.47%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2487      0.65%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6540      1.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       385539                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       111631                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        204680                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 43509                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                27496                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             22823                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           202825                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6540                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              692800                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             646759                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2624                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 373526                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               98060                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             111631                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               204680                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       111631                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.967187                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.967187                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.143530                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.143530                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          526031                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         292442                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         117443                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           691                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4443864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          713299                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5175035                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15235929033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2445568303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17742772057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15235929033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678094498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19975298251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         875895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418313                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      738514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              736706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  305                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     736706                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         305                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1949258                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           844198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                508                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      193455                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107370                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    86085                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   875895                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.093195                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 93194626752                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15095027590938                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  43621                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    79556                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               45247541                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4596168                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2059.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    89843490                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     163857492                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1650688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          1129792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       108928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        76352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      5955712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     19547968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            28469440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      5955712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        5955712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11949568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11949568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        25792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             17653                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        93058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       305437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               444835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         186712                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              186712                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     17712266                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            12122931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1168823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       819275                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     63906174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    209754239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              305483706                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     63906174                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          63906174                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        128221641                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             128221641                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        128221641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     17712266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           12122931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1168823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       819275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     63906174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    209754239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             433705348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    44900                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.766658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    44914                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.011978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     4.144805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        10.621853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.259050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.663866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.922916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             59                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                59                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              63                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 63                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             63                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                63                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet         2150                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total            2555                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        17676                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          43596                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         19826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            46151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        19826                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           46151                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     17572000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet    124263861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    141835861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4570673760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1699184000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6269857760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4588245760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1823447861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6411693621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4588245760                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1823447861                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6411693621                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet         2209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total          2614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        17680                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        43600                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        19889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          46214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        19889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         46214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.973291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.977429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999774                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999908                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.998637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43387.654321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 57797.144651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55513.057143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176337.722222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 96129.441050                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143817.271309                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174292.336562                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 91972.554272                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138928.595718                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174292.336562                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 91972.554272                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138928.595718                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     32069800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2866                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11189.741800                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          42974                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               42974                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         2150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        17676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        43596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        19826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        19826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     12459300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     97663900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110123200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4258301528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1485788000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5744089528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4270760828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1583451900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5854212728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4270760828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1583451900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5854212728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.973291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.977429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999774                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999908                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30763.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 45425.069767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43101.056751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164286.324383                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 84056.800181                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131757.260483                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162232.130218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 79867.441743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126849.098134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162232.130218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 79867.441743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126849.098134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          405                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1658880                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          405                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1253083                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4037.263636                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2759222                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1257111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.194891                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  15047587413300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          922.187067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.117212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.251358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.019595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.004024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    78.978565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    39.558939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1641.391380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1354.755496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.225143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.009658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.400730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.330751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.985660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       383233                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        54278                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       750559                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       820212                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                2008282                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          926681                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               926681                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        36175                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               36175                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        77786                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                77786                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       383233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        54278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       750559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       897998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 2086068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       383233                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        54278                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       750559                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       897998                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                2086068                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18444                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12297                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       557235                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       479265                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1067241                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4147                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4147                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       178342                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             178342                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       557235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       657607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1245583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18444                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12297                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       557235                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       657607                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1245583                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    555948922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    372520355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19834314482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26571321816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    47334105575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    201722602                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    201722602                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13190109524                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13190109524                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    555948922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    372520355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19834314482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39761431340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     60524215099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    555948922                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    372520355                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19834314482                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39761431340                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    60524215099                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        66575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1307794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1299477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            3075523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       926681                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           926681                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        40322                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           40322                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       256128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           256128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        66575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1307794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1555605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             3331651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       401677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        66575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1307794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1555605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            3331651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.184709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.426088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.368814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.347011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.102847                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.102847                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.696300                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.696300                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.184709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.426088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.422734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.373864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.184709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.426088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.422734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.373864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30142.535350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30293.596406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35594.164907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55441.815730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44351.843281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48643.019532                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48643.019532                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73959.636676                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73959.636676                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30142.535350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30293.596406                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35594.164907                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60463.820093                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48591.073497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30142.535350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30293.596406                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35594.164907                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60463.820093                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48591.073497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              334907                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   334907                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                43                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       557230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       479265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1067198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4147                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4147                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       178342                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        178342                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       557230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       657607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1245540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       557230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       657607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1245540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    455124462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    304738418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16686837046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23919717141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41366417067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    297592608                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    297592608                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12195733157                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12195733157                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    455124462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    304738418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16686837046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36115450298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  53562150224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    455124462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    304738418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16686837046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36115450298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  53562150224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    254869457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    254869457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    413335885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    413335885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    668205342                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    668205342                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.184394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.426084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.368814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.102847                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102847                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.696300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045875                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.184394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.426084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.422734                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.373851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.184394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.426084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.422734                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.373851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24698.782330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24823.918051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29946.049290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49909.167456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38761.707825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71760.937545                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71760.937545                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68383.965398                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68383.965398                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24698.782330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24823.918051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29946.049290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54919.504047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43003.155438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24698.782330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24823.918051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29946.049290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54919.504047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43003.155438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        374208                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30573.365202                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1000204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        406338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.461507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8471.725311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.530455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.539169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.833359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.245006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   143.710846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    89.990646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   9417.145503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  12447.644907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.258537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.287388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.379872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.933025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16725                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11083                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       464169                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       285781                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 777758                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          334907                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               334907                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          898                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 898                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        64249                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                64249                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       464169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       350030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  842007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16725                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11083                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       464169                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       350030                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 842007                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1702                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1193                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        93061                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       193484                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               289440                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3704                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3704                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       113638                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             113638                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        93061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       307122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                403078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1702                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1193                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        93061                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       307122                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               403078                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    159753146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    111871650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8702146397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18054592981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    27028364174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100708865                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    100708865                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10738075094                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10738075094                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    159753146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    111871650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8702146397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28792668075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     37766439268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    159753146                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    111871650                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8702146397                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28792668075                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    37766439268                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       557230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       479265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1067198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       334907                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           334907                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4602                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            4602                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       177887                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           177887                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       557230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       657152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1245085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       557230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       657152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1245085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.092364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.167006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.403710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.271215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.804867                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.804867                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.638821                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.638821                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.092364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.167006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.467353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.323735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.092364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.167006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.467353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.323735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93862.012926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93773.386421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93510.132032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93313.105895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93381.578821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27189.218413                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27189.218413                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94493.700118                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94493.700118                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93862.012926                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93773.386421                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93510.132032                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93749.936752                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93695.114266                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93862.012926                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93773.386421                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93510.132032                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93749.936752                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93695.114266                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              143738                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   143738                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        93061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       193484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          289440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3704                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3704                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       113638                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        113638                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        93061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       307122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           403078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        93061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       307122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          403078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    135888268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     95128321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7390675769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15332768269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22954460627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    263583882                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    263583882                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9126578163                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9126578163                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    135888268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     95128321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7390675769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24459346432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32081038790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    135888268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     95128321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7390675769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24459346432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32081038790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    227345225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    227345225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    368747108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    368747108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    596092333                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    596092333                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.092364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.167006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.403710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.271215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.804867                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.804867                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.638821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.638821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.092364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.167006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.467353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.323735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.092364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.097181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.167006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.467353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79840.345476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79738.743504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79417.540850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79245.665114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79306.456008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71161.955184                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71161.955184                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80312.731331                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80312.731331                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79840.345476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79738.743504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79417.540850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79640.489551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79590.150765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79840.345476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79738.743504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79417.540850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79640.489551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79590.150765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                        30065                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1031458                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        432                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        769                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    90                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   769                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                91123108                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      1201                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1061523                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         12887                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  2580835                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 88542272                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           4635                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           8252                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 487                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1307793                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.995218                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                12076502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1308305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  9.230647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.995218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12071698                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       12071698                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12071698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        12071698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12071698                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       12071698                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1457158                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1457158                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1457158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1457158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1457158                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1457158                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  37096756706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37096756706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  37096756706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  37096756706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  37096756706                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  37096756706                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13528856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13528856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13528856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     13528856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13528856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     13528856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.107707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.107707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.107707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.107707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.107707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.107707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25458.293957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25458.293957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25458.293957                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25458.293957                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25458.293957                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25458.293957                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4880592                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            147                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 33201.306122                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       149355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       149355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       149355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       149355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       149355                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       149355                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1307803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1307803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1307803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1307803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1307803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1307803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  27634693010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27634693010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  27634693010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27634693010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  27634693010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27634693010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.096668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.096668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.096668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21130.623657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21130.623657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21130.623657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21130.623657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21130.623657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21130.623657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        68277                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.672079                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        351287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        68292                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        5.143897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 15002270719300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.672079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.979505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.979505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       350767                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       350767                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       350767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       350767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       350767                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       350767                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71429                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        71429                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        71429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71429                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        71429                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1172374177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1172374177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1172374177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1172374177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1172374177                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1172374177                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       422196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       422196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       422196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       422196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       422196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       422196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.169184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.169184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.169184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16413.139999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16413.139999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16413.139999                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16413.139999                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16413.139999                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16413.139999                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         8387                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         8387                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    939600567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    939600567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    939600567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    939600567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    939600567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    939600567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13154.329012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13154.329012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13154.329012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13154.329012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13154.329012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13154.329012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       414119                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.843422                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       1777904                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       414135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.293054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.843422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.990214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.990214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1777371                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1777371                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1777371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1777371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1777371                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1777371                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417234                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       417234                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       417234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417234                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       417234                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6162294809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6162294809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6162294809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6162294809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6162294809                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6162294809                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2194605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2194605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2194605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2194605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2194605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2194605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.190118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.190118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.190118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14769.397530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14769.397530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14769.397530                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14769.397530                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14769.397530                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14769.397530                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       132825                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       132825                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       417234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       417234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       417234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       417234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4820484860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4820484860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4820484860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4820484860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4820484860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4820484860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11553.432510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11553.432510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11553.432510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11553.432510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11553.432510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11553.432510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1556383                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.687677                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                24516006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1556895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.746731                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.687677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     15657733                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       15657733                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8807558                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       8807558                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     24465291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        24465291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     24465291                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       24465291                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2262834                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2262834                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       298935                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       298935                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2561769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2561769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2561769                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2561769                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  92984241633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  92984241633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16112484678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16112484678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 109096726311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 109096726311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 109096726311                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 109096726311                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17920567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17920567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9106493                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      9106493                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     27027060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     27027060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     27027060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     27027060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.126270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.126270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032827                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.032827                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.094785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.094785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.094785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.094785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41091.941182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41091.941182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53899.625932                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53899.625932                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42586.480792                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42586.480792                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42586.480792                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42586.480792                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       785469                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           785469                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       960678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       960678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       964125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       964125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       964125                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       964125                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1302156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1302156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       295488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       295488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1597644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1597644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1597644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1597644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38296380277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38296380277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14918334147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14918334147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  53214714424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  53214714424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  53214714424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  53214714424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    265955329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    265955329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    429709465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    429709465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    695664794                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    695664794                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032448                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032448                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29409.978741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29409.978741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50487.106573                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50487.106573                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33308.242903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33308.242903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33308.242903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33308.242903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               244345944                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        18730650                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18730650                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2064402                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14591815                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        10259842                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     67018744                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              88167113                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           18730650                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     10259842                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             27580118                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        8481978                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           2107697                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      92679722                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        25350                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       312267                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1077                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         13528963                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1310285                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          31603                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    195978200                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.821168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.247882                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       169296638     86.39%     86.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         1564527      0.80%     87.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1555571      0.79%     87.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2432181      1.24%     89.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2240876      1.14%     90.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1838330      0.94%     91.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1842429      0.94%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1912099      0.98%     93.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        13295549      6.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    195978200                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.076656                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.360829                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        69652419                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     94101141                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         24558184                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1413231                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       6253225                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     156732228                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          493                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       6253225                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        71954259                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       70417648                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     14110449                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         23513021                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9729598                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     152044710                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       137845                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       2675027                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      5959040                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       232995                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    170566108                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    395365664                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    393689615                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1676049                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    123190766                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        47375458                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       421527                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       421729                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         21473484                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     25085025                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     12123576                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3636600                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2177856                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         145458242                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       513304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        132910704                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       403253                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     35195863                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     55053456                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       169425                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    195978200                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.678191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.330587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    139214780     71.04%     71.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21782597     11.11%     82.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14954005      7.63%     89.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8220115      4.19%     93.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5889915      3.01%     96.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3298676      1.68%     98.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1919672      0.98%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       598840      0.31%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        99600      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    195978200                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         303135     45.29%     45.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     45.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     45.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         6188      0.92%     46.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        238123     35.57%     81.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121947     18.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       884835      0.67%      0.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     97603674     73.44%     74.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       428971      0.32%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22903446     17.23%     91.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     11089778      8.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     132910704                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.543945                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             669393                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005036                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    462395322                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180361636                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128625998                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1113644                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       890431                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       515499                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     132140672                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         554590                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      4385890                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      6332249                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        39062                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        90041                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3015250                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        23958                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       6253225                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       51355228                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       760467                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145971546                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1305983                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     25085025                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     12123576                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       486171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        351944                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        30855                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        90041                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       991340                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1281945                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2273285                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    130664964                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22324491                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2245741                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            33203982                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        14233370                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          10879491                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.534754                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             129411239                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            129141497                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         87780114                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        141900853                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.528519                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.618602                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     37482507                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       343879                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2103674                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    189772806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.571647                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.615323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    154877147     81.61%     81.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13971271      7.36%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      5003811      2.64%     91.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5556021      2.93%     94.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2253326      1.19%     95.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1264470      0.67%     96.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       719224      0.38%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       835203      0.44%     97.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5292333      2.79%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    189772806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     60161951                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     108483039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              27861110                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             18752788                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars              10427                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          12563385                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            409515                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        107936831                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      5292333                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           330310958                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          298213270                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 978544                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               48367744                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            35517673                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           60161951                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            108483039                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     60161951                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.061470                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.061470                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.246216                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.246216                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       265099481                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      143016371                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           849822                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          443476                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       63426255                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        393009                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        15256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         1019416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      2110256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       376184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       302761000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        49050025                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          355332137                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    302761000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     302761000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      7852032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet        49937                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     34157289                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        42059258                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            17245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       263782                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        47023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         37845125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          7765626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            45940708                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide       122688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet            1753                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         4685556                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            4809997                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       163700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet           10938571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     22643537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      4036542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         3248695880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          526318166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3812796396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    3248695880                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       3248695880                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide     84254128                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            535836                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         366515648                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            451305611                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     84417828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet          11474406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     22643537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      4036542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        3248695880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         892833813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           4264102007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1917                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      7852032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1917                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1031458                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                       30065                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       769                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       432                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                   660                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  750                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  432                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               91123108                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     1201                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1061523                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        12887                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                88542272                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 2580835                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          8252                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          4635                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                266                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                      279864400                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  28614020                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    53484438                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            53050926                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               390244                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4483966                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   53050926                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      390244                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         137591283                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         60207036                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             652834                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            326050                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    12435997                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   7759190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  4676807                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             217144762.487827                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             62719637.512173                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.224107                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.775893                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
