
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 108661                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   195166                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               57323529                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490196                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549660                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987252                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        45056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              243072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        44096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            44096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          704                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1091                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3798                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            689                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 689                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    155379411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6179863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    432148986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    240793945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              838254265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    432148986                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         432590405                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        152068770                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             152068770                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        152068770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    155379411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6179863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    432148986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    240793945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             990323035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      700                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.240172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      700                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971064651000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.240172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.515011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.515011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              12                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          704                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            704                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             716                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       499000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       499000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127303912                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    127303912                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127802912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    127802912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127802912                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    127802912                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          704                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          704                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41583.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41583.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180829.420455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180829.420455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178495.687151                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178495.687151                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178495.687151                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178495.687151                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       963700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  79                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 12198.734177                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            689                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 689                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       351500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       351500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    118825384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118825384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    119176884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119176884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    119176884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119176884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29291.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29291.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168786.056818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168786.056818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166448.162011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166448.162011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166448.162011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166448.162011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           11                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        45056                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           11                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1341                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1349.797210                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1341                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.442207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           72.374622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.553025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.396074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.764154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.566652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    17.798376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.322977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    897.717187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    351.304143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.017670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.219169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.085768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.329540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2456                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          140                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1553                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          455                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4604                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             593                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  593                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2456                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          140                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1553                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          549                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4698                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2384                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          935                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3382                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          287                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                287                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2384                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1222                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3669                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3232175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       899369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212915922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88743367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      305790833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28801710                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28801710                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3232175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       899369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212915922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117545077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       334592543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3232175                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       899369                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212915922                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117545077                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      334592543                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          593                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              593                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          381                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              381                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.605537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.672662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.423491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052632                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.052632                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.753281                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.753281                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.605537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.690006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.438508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.605537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.690006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.438508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76956.547619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74947.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89310.369966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94912.691979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90417.159373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100354.390244                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100354.390244                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76956.547619                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74947.416667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89310.369966                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96190.734043                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91194.478877                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76956.547619                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74947.416667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89310.369966                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96190.734043                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91194.478877                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 103                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      103                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          287                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           287                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3002213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       833366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199685684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83614599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    287135862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27205887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27205887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3002213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       833366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199685684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110820486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    314341749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3002213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       833366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199685684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110820486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    314341749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3183613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3183613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7063075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7063075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10246688                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10246688                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.605537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.672662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.422364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052632                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052632                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.753281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.753281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.605537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.690006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.437433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.605537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.690006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 71481.261905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 69447.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83760.773490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89427.378610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85127.738512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94794.031359                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94794.031359                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 71481.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 69447.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83760.773490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90687.795417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85885.723770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 71481.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 69447.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83760.773490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90687.795417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85885.723770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1667.162803                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           15.900242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.633827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.959199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1131.504853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    483.164760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.050878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          426                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          120                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    564                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             103                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  103                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          426                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          129                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    573                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          815                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2818                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                276                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1091                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3094                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2693631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186273874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78744413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      268452747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25937775                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     25937775                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2693631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186273874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104682188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       294390522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2693631                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740829                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186273874                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104682188                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      294390522                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          103                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              103                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          285                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              285                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.821309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.871658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.833235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.968421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.968421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.821309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.894262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.843741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.821309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.894262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.843741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96201.107143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92603.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95134.767109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96618.911656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95263.572392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93977.445652                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93977.445652                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96201.107143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92603.625000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95134.767109                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95950.676444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95148.843568                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96201.107143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92603.625000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95134.767109                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95950.676444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95148.843568                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           276                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2305375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158765174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67372016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229071387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21999010                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21999010                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2305375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158765174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89371026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251070397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2305375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158765174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89371026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251070397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.821309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.871658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.830574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.968421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.968421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.821309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.894262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.841287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.821309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.894262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82334.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78602.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81085.379980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82665.050307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81549.087576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79706.557971                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79706.557971                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82334.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78602.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81085.379980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81916.614115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81384.245381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82334.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78602.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81085.379980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81916.614115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81384.245381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3427                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               418.457712                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   27537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  8.035308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971201207220                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.329010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   418.128701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.816658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.817300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30480                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          30499                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           30499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30480                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          30499                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4614                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4616                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4614                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4616                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298314247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    298314247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298314247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    298314247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298314247                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    298314247                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.131475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.131454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.131475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.131454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.131475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.131454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64654.149762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64626.136698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64654.149762                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64626.136698                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64654.149762                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64626.136698                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          677                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          677                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233785965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233785965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233785965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233785965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233785965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233785965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.112184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.112184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.112184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59381.753874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59381.753874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59381.753874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59381.753874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59381.753874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59381.753874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          144                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.582286                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.986111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.123675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.458611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.007730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.591163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.598893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          536                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          536                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          536                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          536                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          155                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          155                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2870330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2870330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2870330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2870330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2870330                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2870330                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.224313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.224313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.224313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18883.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18518.258065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18883.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18518.258065                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18883.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18518.258065                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2389686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2389686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2389686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2389686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2389686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2389686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15721.618421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15721.618421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15721.618421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15721.618421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15721.618421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15721.618421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2486                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.334543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2486                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.106999                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.064532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.270011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.066533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.766876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.833409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          355                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          355                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2499                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2502                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2499                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2502                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31624969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31624969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31624969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31624969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31624969                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31624969                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.875744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.875744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.875744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12655.049620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12639.875699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12655.049620                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12639.875699                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12655.049620                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12639.875699                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23916551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23916551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23916551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23916551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23916551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23916551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9570.448579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9570.448579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9570.448579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9570.448579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9570.448579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9570.448579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1274                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               355.217648                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   39756                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1274                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 31.205651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.154959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   355.062689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.693482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.693784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34151                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34151                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20669                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20669                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        54820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           54820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        54820                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          54820                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2719                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2720                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          413                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          413                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3132                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3133                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    210965619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    210965619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32958178                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32958178                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    243923797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    243923797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    243923797                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    243923797                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        36871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        57952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        57953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        57952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        57953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.073771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019590                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019590                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77589.414858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77560.889338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79801.883777                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79801.883777                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77881.161239                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77856.302905                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77881.161239                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77856.302905                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          593                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              593                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1342                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1342                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96729369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96729369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30403168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30403168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127132537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    127132537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127132537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    127132537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3321613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3321613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7330647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7330647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10652260                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10652260                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018974                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018974                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69589.474101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69589.474101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76007.920000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76007.920000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71023.763687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71023.763687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71023.763687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71023.763687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  836327                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           48978                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        48978                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7363                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35229                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21606                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       202045                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                227908                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              48978                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21606                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                69957                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          28200                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2892                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        163902                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           23                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1179                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35094                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4457                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             46                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       460402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.945526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.421328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          392218     85.19%     85.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3037      0.66%     85.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2763      0.60%     86.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3849      0.84%     87.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6236      1.35%     88.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4092      0.89%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6263      1.36%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3322      0.72%     91.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           38622      8.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       460402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.058563                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.272511                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          199100                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       175129                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            63933                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1823                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20404                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        419109                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20404                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          204503                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         103862                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        58475                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60256                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12889                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        398411                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7899                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          126                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       437403                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       997028                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       996938                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284691                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          152701                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1359                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1354                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            37382                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49624                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30431                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2089                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1179                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            369051                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2124                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           334950                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1566                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       109222                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       155420                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          972                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       460402                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.727516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.493691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       337322     73.27%     73.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        40252      8.74%     82.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        26344      5.72%     87.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        19956      4.33%     92.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14946      3.25%     95.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10660      2.32%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         7891      1.71%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2536      0.55%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          495      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       460402                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            852     49.53%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           448     26.05%     75.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          420     24.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4151      1.24%      1.24% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       259313     77.42%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        44863     13.39%     92.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26613      7.95%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        334950                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.400501                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1720                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005135                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1134493                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       480499                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       319597                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        332505                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5602                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16450                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          129                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          155                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9303                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           22                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20404                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          91374                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          961                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       371175                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5850                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49624                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30431                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1749                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           522                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           51                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          155                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1788                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6795                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8583                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       325021                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42573                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9929                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68085                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33866                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25512                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.388629                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                320454                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               319606                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           208378                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           339577                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.382154                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613640                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       117984                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7525                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       440146                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.575232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.541602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       355225     80.71%     80.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30381      6.90%     87.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16268      3.70%     91.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13135      2.98%     94.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8113      1.84%     96.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3460      0.79%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2295      0.52%     97.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2810      0.64%     98.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8459      1.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       440146                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133851                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253186                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54298                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33171                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27935                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251143                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8459                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              802655                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             762973                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2587                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 375925                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                2041                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253186                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.248194                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.248194                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.160046                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.160046                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          644856                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         348847                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         139835                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003924                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003924036349                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975426814758                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  30794                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    59377                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4473961131                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4550592                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4471.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   137684065                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     265483546                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           606080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        12608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       468288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1448768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             3601216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       468288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         468288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1835776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          1835776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              9470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         7317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        22637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                56269                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          28684                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               28684                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               30298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        23410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        72424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 180025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        23410                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             23410                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            91771                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 91771                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            91771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              30298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        23410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        72424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                271796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    28841                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.966927                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       8573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    28856                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.297096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.066692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.900235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.931265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.935433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           2710                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              2710                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           341                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              341                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            3051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               3051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           3051                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              3051                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        15838                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           16098                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        18154                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          34794                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         33992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            50892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        33992                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           50892                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11064000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet    644745972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    655809972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2927887920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1186255000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4114142920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2938951920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1831000972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4769952892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2938951920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1831000972                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4769952892                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        18548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         18808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        18495                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35135                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        37043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          53943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        37043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         53943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.855912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.981563                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.990295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.943440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.943440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42553.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40708.799848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40738.599329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175954.802885                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 65344.001322                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118242.884405                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173902.480473                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 53865.644034                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93726.968718                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173902.480473                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 53865.644034                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93726.968718                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21456600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1881                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11407.017544                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          26003                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               26003                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        15838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        18154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34794                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        33992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        33992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      7875400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    447570100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    455445500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2727338092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    961638200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3688976292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2735213492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1409208300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4144421792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2735213492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1409208300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4144421792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.855912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.981563                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990295                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        30290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28259.256219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28292.054914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163902.529567                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 52971.146855                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106023.345749                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161846.952189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41457.057543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81435.624302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161846.952189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41457.057543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81435.624302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        569911                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3142.786025                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         4750525                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        573056                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          8.289809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          450.486486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    24.042143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     3.720513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2128.790859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    535.746004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.109982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.519724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.130797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.767282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       762459                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37676                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3309077                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       342955                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                4452167                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          348694                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               348694                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        22636                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               22636                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        84884                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                84884                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       762459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3309077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       427839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 4537051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       762459                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37676                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3309077                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       427839                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                4537051                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4373                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          868                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       371444                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       142132                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               518817                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        14024                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             14024                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        36806                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              36806                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       371444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       178938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                555623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4373                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          868                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       371444                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       178938                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               555623                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    109547321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     24770679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8516690920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4537564918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    13188573838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    343625839                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    343625839                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1965174267                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1965174267                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    109547321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     24770679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8516690920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6502739185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     15153748105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    109547321                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     24770679                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8516690920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6502739185                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    15153748105                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       766832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3680521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       485087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            4970984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       348694                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           348694                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36660                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           36660                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       121690                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           121690                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       766832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3680521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       606777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             5092674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       766832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3680521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       606777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            5092674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.100922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.293003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.104369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.382542                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.382542                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.302457                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.302457                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.100922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.294899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.109102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.100922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.294899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.109102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25050.839469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28537.648618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22928.600058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31925.005755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25420.473574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24502.698160                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24502.698160                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53392.769304                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53392.769304                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25050.839469                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28537.648618                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22928.600058                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36340.739167                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27273.435594                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25050.839469                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28537.648618                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22928.600058                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36340.739167                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27273.435594                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks               80119                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                    80119                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       371441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       142126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          518796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        14024                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        14024                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        36806                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         36806                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       371441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       178932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           555602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       371441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       178932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          555602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     85857017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     19928232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6393532030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3745589695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10244906974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    890954774                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    890954774                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1759033870                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1759033870                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     85857017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     19928232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6393532030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5504623565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12003940844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     85857017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     19928232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6393532030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5504623565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12003940844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3380859852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3380859852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4928802740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4928802740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8309662592                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8309662592                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.100921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.292991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.382542                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382542                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.302457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.100921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.294889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.109098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.100921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.294889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.109098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 19664.914567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23091.809965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17212.779499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26354.007676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19747.467162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63530.716914                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63530.716914                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47792.041243                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47792.041243                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 19664.914567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23091.809965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17212.779499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30763.773752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21605.287317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 19664.914567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23091.809965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17212.779499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30763.773752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21605.287317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                          6676                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     29908.636180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          546045                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         37162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         14.693639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10337.528415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker               3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.217486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                     2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   163.980401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    51.938790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   8766.545479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  10581.425544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.315476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.267534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.322919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.912739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4169                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          791                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       364123                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       113716                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 482799                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks           80119                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                80119                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          604                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 604                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21046                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                21046                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       364123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       134762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  503845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4169                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          791                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       364123                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       134762                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 503845                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          197                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7318                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        28410                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                35997                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        16205                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16205                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        12976                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              12976                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        41386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 48973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          197                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           72                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7318                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        41386                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                48973                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18453962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6736833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    684904895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1699722947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2409818637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    263442014                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    263442014                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1118798836                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1118798836                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18453962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6736833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    684904895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2818521783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      3528617473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18453962                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6736833                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    684904895                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2818521783                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     3528617473                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       371441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       142126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             518796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        80119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total            80119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16809                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           16809                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34022                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            34022                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       371441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       176148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              552818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       371441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       176148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             552818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.019702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.199893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.069386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.964067                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.964067                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.381400                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.381400                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.019702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.234950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.088588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.019702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.234950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.088588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93674.934010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93567.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93591.814020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59828.333228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66944.985332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16256.835174                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16256.835174                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86220.625462                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86220.625462                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93674.934010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93567.125000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93591.814020                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68103.266394                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72052.303780                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93674.934010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93567.125000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93591.814020                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68103.266394                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72052.303780                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks                2681                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                     2681                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        16205                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16205                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12976                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         12976                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            48973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           48973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15694855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5729698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    581783419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1300279233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1903487205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    862544567                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    862544567                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    932822951                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    932822951                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15694855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5729698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    581783419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2233102184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2836310156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15694855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5729698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    581783419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2233102184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2836310156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3013156764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3013156764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4379131500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4379131500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7392288264                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7392288264                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.019702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.199893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.964067                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.964067                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.381400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.381400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.019702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.234950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.088588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.019702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.234950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79669.314721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79579.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79500.330555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45768.364414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52879.051171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53227.063684                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53227.063684                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71888.328530                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71888.328530                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79669.314721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79579.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79500.330555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53957.912917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57915.793519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79669.314721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79579.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79500.330555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53957.912917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57915.793519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       297328                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       374697                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       4292                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       3617                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  2485                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  3612                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  268757                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      7909                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                      672025                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           395                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   118908                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   149849                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            215                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            181                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                7704                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               3680522                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                 9952891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               3681034                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.703830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9948628                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        9948628                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9948628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         9948628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9948628                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        9948628                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3840657                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3840657                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3840657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       3840657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3840657                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      3840657                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  50735299379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  50735299379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  50735299379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  50735299379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  50735299379                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  50735299379                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13789285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13789285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13789285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     13789285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13789285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     13789285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.278525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.278525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.278525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.278525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.278525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.278525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13210.057388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13210.057388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13210.057388                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13210.057388                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13210.057388                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13210.057388                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       102330                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        34110                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       160130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       160130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       160130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       160130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       160130                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       160130                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3680527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3680527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3680527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3680527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3680527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3680527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  35729072015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35729072015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  35729072015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35729072015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  35729072015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35729072015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9707.596769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9707.596769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9707.596769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9707.596769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9707.596769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9707.596769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        38598                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999833                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         51301                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        38614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.328560                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972603093300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        50949                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        50949                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        50949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        50949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        50949                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        50949                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38800                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        38800                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        38800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38800                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        38800                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    688835078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    688835078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    688835078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    688835078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    688835078                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    688835078                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        89749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        89749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        89749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        89749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        89749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        89749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.432317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.432317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.432317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.432317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.432317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.432317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17753.481392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17753.481392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17753.481392                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17753.481392                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17753.481392                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17753.481392                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           89                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    570117796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    570117796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    570117796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    570117796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    570117796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    570117796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.432317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.432317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.432317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.432317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.432317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.432317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14693.757629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14693.757629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14693.757629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14693.757629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14693.757629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14693.757629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       767199                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         47685                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       767215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.062153                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        47253                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        47253                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        47253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        47253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        47253                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        47253                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       767436                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       767436                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       767436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       767436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       767436                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       767436                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11815246657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11815246657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11815246657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  11815246657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11815246657                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  11815246657                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       814689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       814689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       814689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       814689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       814689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       814689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.941999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.941999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.941999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.941999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.941999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.941999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15395.741999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15395.741999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15395.741999                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15395.741999                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15395.741999                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15395.741999                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          315                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          315                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       767436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       767436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       767436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       767436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       767436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       767436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9473134794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9473134794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9473134794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9473134794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9473134794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9473134794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.941999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.941999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.941999                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.941999                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.941999                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.941999                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12343.875964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12343.875964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12343.875964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12343.875964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12343.875964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12343.875964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                598161                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               500.423821                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                29056288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                598666                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 48.535056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   500.423821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.977390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.977390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     18181556                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       18181556                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     10827625                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      10827625                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     29009181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        29009181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     29009181                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       29009181                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       750009                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       750009                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       159683                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       159683                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       909692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        909692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       909692                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       909692                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19134640410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19134640410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4955775629                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4955775629                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24090416039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24090416039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24090416039                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24090416039                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18931565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18931565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10987308                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10987308                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     29918873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29918873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     29918873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29918873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25512.547729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25512.547729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31035.085945                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31035.085945                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26481.947779                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26481.947779                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26481.947779                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26481.947779                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       348290                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           348290                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       264458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       264458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2078                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2078                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       266536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       266536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       266536                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       266536                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       485551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       485551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       157605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       157605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       643156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       643156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       643156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       643156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9756701786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9756701786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4355496394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4355496394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14112198180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14112198180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14112198180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14112198180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3527926912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3527926912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5129857242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5129857242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8657784154                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8657784154                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014344                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014344                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20094.082364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20094.082364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27635.521678                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27635.521678                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21942.107638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21942.107638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21942.107638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21942.107638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               232558750                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        17455174                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17455174                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2400684                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     15080439                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits         9069670                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    115104010                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              83346668                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           17455174                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      9069670                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             27898428                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        8122984                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            353628                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      49710113                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       162478                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        75316                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         13789287                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1679310                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          16911                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    198878794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.819530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.261198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       171785273     86.38%     86.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         2578541      1.30%     87.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1276407      0.64%     88.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2029411      1.02%     89.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         1679887      0.84%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1935316      0.97%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1961715      0.99%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1456767      0.73%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        14175477      7.13%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    198878794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.075057                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.358390                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       113218672                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     53671647                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         25944151                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       469540                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       5574784                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     159425715                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           90                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       5574784                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       114780178                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        7294989                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     43720421                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         24866347                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      2642075                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     154432860                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        13437                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        166582                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      1313163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6801                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    169767372                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    385310199                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    382496246                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      2813953                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    129781691                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        39985673                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1018689                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1036449                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          9998228                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22711147                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     13769205                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1742987                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1042029                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         147288685                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1298594                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        139246733                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       278844                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     28550922                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39987428                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       337374                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    198878794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.700159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.450762                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    145699126     73.26%     73.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18392838      9.25%     82.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12334999      6.20%     88.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7949253      4.00%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6080175      3.06%     95.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4264369      2.14%     97.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2677378      1.35%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1215923      0.61%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       264733      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    198878794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         274577     33.72%     33.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     33.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     33.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        26631      3.27%     36.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     36.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     36.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     36.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     36.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     36.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     36.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     36.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     36.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     36.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     36.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     36.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     36.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     36.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     36.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     36.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        294118     36.12%     73.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       219066     26.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1223161      0.88%      0.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    102949091     73.93%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       745655      0.54%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21494130     15.44%     90.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     12834696      9.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     139246733                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.598759                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             814392                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005849                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    476847691                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    175722393                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134307234                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1878072                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1441976                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       850306                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     137891834                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         946130                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1885217                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4804851                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        29090                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        26952                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2745125                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        45847                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       5574784                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        5924683                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        75212                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    148587279                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1349277                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22711147                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     13769205                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1172437                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         28560                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         6203                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        26952                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       955320                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1721095                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2676415                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    136786293                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20883821                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2460440                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            33423799                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        13806803                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          12539978                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.588180                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             135398758                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            135157540                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         87125925                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        135298240                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.581176                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.643955                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     31693533                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       961220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2406626                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    193406156                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.603443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.539998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    153177745     79.20%     79.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14530417      7.51%     86.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7228570      3.74%     90.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7363921      3.81%     94.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3751384      1.94%     96.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1553702      0.80%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1252577      0.65%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1042046      0.54%     98.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3505794      1.81%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    193406156                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     60595575                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     116709502                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              28930381                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             17906294                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             100740                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          12205729                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            693725                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        115571473                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      3505794                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           338029963                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          302396332                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                1698225                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               33679956                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59837607869                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           60595575                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            116709502                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     60595575                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.837883                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.837883                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.260560                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.260560                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       269071040                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      146429344                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          1495988                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          801328                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       63017111                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        979874                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          588057                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       257648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        65424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       811020480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       138342922                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          950280315                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    811020480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     811020480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet       510688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     92042522                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        95514618                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            19120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        32206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         8178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        101377560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         21719455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           123157242                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           18075                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        13516401                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           13580748                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              29397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           40543069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            6915789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              47504695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      40543069                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         40543069                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             25529                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           4601223                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              4774794                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             54926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        12880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          40543069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          11517013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             52279489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      374697                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      297328                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      3617                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      4292                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 2713                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 4287                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 268757                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     7909                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                     672025                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          395                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  149849                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  118908                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           181                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           215                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               6802                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60072369953                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  76009411                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   146853699                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           145625766                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               484528                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      9952845                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  145625766                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      484528                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         372568049                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        164752413                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             807830                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            394901                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    35290933                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  21740192                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 13550741                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59900662699.471161                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             171707253.528835                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.002858                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.997142                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
