
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  66791                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   119090                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               36393815                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491232                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      535938                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        955604                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        80000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        81280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              304512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        78144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            78144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1270                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1221                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1221                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    273942573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5917160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    466798145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    278325654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1042735011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    466798145                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         467017299                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        267587105                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             267587105                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        267587105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    273942573                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5917160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    466798145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    278325654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1310322116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1248                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.723022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1248                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613637000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.723022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.545189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.545189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1260                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1260                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1280                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       872000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       872000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    223645840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    223645840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    224517840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    224517840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    224517840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    224517840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1260                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1260                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        43600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        43600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177496.698413                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177496.698413                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175404.562500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175404.562500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175404.562500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175404.562500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1157600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 110                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10523.636364                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1228                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1228                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       618700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       618700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    208665192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    208665192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    209283892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    209283892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    209283892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    209283892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        30935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165607.295238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165607.295238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163503.040625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163503.040625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163503.040625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163503.040625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           20                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        81920                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           20                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1616                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1427.309913                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1322                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.818069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           69.021171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.630974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.216692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.965412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    25.146906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.714771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    934.052222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    383.561764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.016851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.228040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.093643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.348464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2484                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           66                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1217                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          247                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4014                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             541                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  541                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           66                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2484                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           66                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1217                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4079                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           88                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2553                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1041                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3733                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          318                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                319                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           88                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           88                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2553                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1359                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4052                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8100105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3238752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232419570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105254852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      349013279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32866171                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32866171                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8100105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3238752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232419570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    138121023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       381879450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8100105                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3238752                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232419570                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    138121023                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      381879450                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          541                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              541                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          383                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              384                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.371429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.677188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.808230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.481864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.830287                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.830729                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.371429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.677188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.813285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.498340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.371429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.677188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.813285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.498340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92046.647727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 83044.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91037.826087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101109.367915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93494.047415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103352.738994                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103028.749216                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92046.647727                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 83044.923077                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91037.826087                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101634.306843                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94244.681639                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92046.647727                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 83044.923077                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91037.826087                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101634.306843                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94244.681639                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  81                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       81                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           88                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           88                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7620256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3023287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    218248760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99543478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    328435781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31101459                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31101459                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7620256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3023287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    218248760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130644937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    359537240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7620256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3023287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    218248760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130644937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    359537240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3190894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3190894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7065955                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7065955                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10256849                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10256849                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.371429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.677188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.808230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.480315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.830287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.828125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.371429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.677188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.813285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.496741                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.371429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.677188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.813285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496741                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86593.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 77520.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85487.175872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95622.937560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88265.461166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97803.330189                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97803.330189                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86593.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 77520.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85487.175872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96133.139809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89016.400099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86593.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 77520.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85487.175872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96133.139809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89016.400099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1803.627363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            8.253958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.440716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.278529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1203.528022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    539.126275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          423                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           82                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    537                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              81                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   81                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           87                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           20                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          423                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           87                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    542                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          959                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3196                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1270                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3508                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7069567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2736787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204334148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94785033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      308925535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29757252                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29757252                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7069567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2736787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204334148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124542285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       338682787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7069567                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2736787                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204334148                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124542285                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      338682787                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           88                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           81                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               81                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          316                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              317                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           88                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           88                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.772727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.692308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.834313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.921230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.856148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984177                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.984227                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.772727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.692308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.834313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.935888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.866173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.772727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.692308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.834313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.935888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.866173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103964.220588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101362.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95931.524883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98837.364964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96660.054756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95682.482315                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95375.807692                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103964.220588                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101362.481481                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95931.524883                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98064.791339                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96545.834379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103964.220588                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101362.481481                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95931.524883                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98064.791339                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96545.834379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6126353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2361207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174420607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81414818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    264322985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25335438                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25335438                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6126353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2361207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174420607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106750256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    289658423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6126353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2361207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174420607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106750256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    289658423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2840706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2840706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6325885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6325885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9166591                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9166591                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.772727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.692308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.834313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.921230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.852933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.772727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.692308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.834313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.935888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.862963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.772727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.692308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.834313                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.935888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.862963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 90093.426471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87452.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81887.608920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84895.534932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83016.012877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81464.430868                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81464.430868                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 90093.426471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87452.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81887.608920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84055.319685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82877.946495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 90093.426471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87452.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81887.608920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84055.319685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82877.946495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3259                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.696428                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   21813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3259                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.693157                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598616859300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.298317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.398112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.869918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25808                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25817                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25808                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25817                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4498                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4499                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4498                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4499                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319106402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    319106402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319106402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    319106402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319106402                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    319106402                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.148403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.148403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.148403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70944.064473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70928.295621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70944.064473                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70928.295621                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70944.064473                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70928.295621                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          728                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          728                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    249376581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    249376581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    249376581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    249376581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    249376581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    249376581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.124398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.124398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.124398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66147.634218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66147.634218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66147.634218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66147.634218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66147.634218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66147.634218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           92                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.011895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           245                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           92                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.663043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598748442300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.877387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.679837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.688243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          384                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          384                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          108                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          108                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4397642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4397642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4397642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4397642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4397642                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4397642                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.214724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.219512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.214724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.219512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.214724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.219512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 41882.304762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40718.907407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 41882.304762                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40718.907407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 41882.304762                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40718.907407                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4054558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4054558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4054558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4054558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4054558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4054558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.214724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.214724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.214724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 38614.838095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38614.838095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 38614.838095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38614.838095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 38614.838095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38614.838095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2563                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.917143                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.278580                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598618922300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.816939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.100204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          787                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          787                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          787                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          787                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2573                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2580                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2573                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2580                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35613548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35613548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35613548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     35613548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35613548                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     35613548                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.766261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.766261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.766261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13841.254567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13803.700775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13841.254567                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13803.700775                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13841.254567                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13803.700775                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27658569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27658569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27658569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27658569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27658569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27658569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10749.541003                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10749.541003                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10749.541003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10749.541003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10749.541003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10749.541003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1160                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               425.137729                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   25755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.202586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7598701729300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.501754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   424.635975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.829367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.830347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31844                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31844                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17349                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17350                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49193                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49194                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2414                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2415                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          404                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          405                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2818                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2820                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    216342218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    216342218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36862612                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36862612                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    253204830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    253204830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    253204830                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    253204830                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17753                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022757                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022810                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89619.808616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89582.698965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91244.089109                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91018.795062                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89852.672108                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89788.946809                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89852.672108                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89788.946809                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          541                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              541                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1136                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1136                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111411531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111411531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34434915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34434915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145846446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145846446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145846446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145846446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3333371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3333371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7336686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7336686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10670057                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10670057                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022193                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022191                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86499.635870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86499.635870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87398.261421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87398.261421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86710.134364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86710.134364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86710.134364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86710.134364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876823                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44114                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44114                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6879                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32062                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17714                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       196922                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                212189                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44114                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17714                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62611                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27515                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4629                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        164003                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          602                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          362                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30306                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4096                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             63                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       449495                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.877240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.352218                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          388222     86.37%     86.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2756      0.61%     86.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2479      0.55%     87.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3296      0.73%     88.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4999      1.11%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3669      0.82%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5723      1.27%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2774      0.62%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35577      7.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       449495                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050311                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.241998                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          195939                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       174276                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56679                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2232                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20366                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        378482                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20366                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          201106                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         107723                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        53060                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            53751                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13486                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        359679                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          200                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2871                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8881                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          101                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       396697                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       899025                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       898875                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          150                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       243144                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          153404                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1070                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1067                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36455                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47397                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27446                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3041                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1408                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            333987                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1771                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           296558                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1787                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       111003                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       165325                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          877                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       449495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.659758                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.432861                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       339588     75.55%     75.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36605      8.14%     83.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23358      5.20%     88.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18008      4.01%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12872      2.86%     95.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9856      2.19%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6510      1.45%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2199      0.49%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          499      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       449495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            722     48.10%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           393     26.18%     74.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          386     25.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3236      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       228466     77.04%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41521     14.00%     92.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23325      7.87%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        296558                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.338219                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1501                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005061                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1046909                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       446836                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       282591                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        294794                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5022                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17858                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          132                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9633                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           26                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20366                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          91748                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1018                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       335758                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5214                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47397                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27446                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1380                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           560                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1468                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6536                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8004                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       287783                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39358                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8775                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61609                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29514                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22251                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.328211                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                283348                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               282608                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           185916                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           295684                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322309                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628766                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       119881                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6925                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       429218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.432965                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       355097     82.73%     82.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27438      6.39%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13717      3.20%     92.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11658      2.72%     95.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6865      1.60%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3439      0.80%     97.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2003      0.47%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2760      0.64%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6241      1.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       429218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117261                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        215767                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47322                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29521                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23904                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           213855                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6241                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              758482                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             691940                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2538                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 427328                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117261                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               215767                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117261                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.477533                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.477533                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.133734                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.133734                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          558453                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         308746                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         126142                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.014287                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5014286842851                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               12613349996361                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  24603                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    42986                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               59504283                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5056076                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 84267.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2073267628                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3622362803                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3518400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4166656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       823680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     62082752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    316434496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           387039296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     62082752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       62082752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    178995520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        178995520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        54975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        65104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12870                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       970043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4944289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              6047489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2796805                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2796805                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       701675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                2655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       830957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       164267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     12381173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     63106580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               77187307                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     12381173                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          12381173                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         35697104                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              35697104                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         35697104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       701675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               2655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       830957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       164267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     12381173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     63106580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             112884411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    56117                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.308449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        146                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    56129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.002601                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     6.756777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         7.551672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.422299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.471980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.894278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             48                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                48                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            20                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               20                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              68                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 68                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             68                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                68                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          858                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet          223                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total            1081                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54976                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet          286                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          55262                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        55834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            56343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        55834                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          509                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           56343                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     36404000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet     10230013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46634013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9972388128                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet     21519000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9993907128                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide  10008792128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet     31749013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10040541141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide  10008792128                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet     31749013                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10040541141                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet          271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total          1129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet          306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55282                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        55834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          56411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        55834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         56411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.822878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.957484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934641                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999638                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.998795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42428.904429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 45874.497758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43139.697502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 181395.302095                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 75241.258741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180845.918135                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179259.808146                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62375.271120                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178203.878760                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179259.808146                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62375.271120                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178203.878760                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     66321400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                6416                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10336.876559                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          55163                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               55163                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        55262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        55834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        55834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     25770500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      7464100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33234600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9309984864                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     18000900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9327985764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9335755364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     25465000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9361220364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9335755364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     25465000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9361220364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.822878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.957484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934641                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999638                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30035.547786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 33471.300448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30744.310823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 169346.348661                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 62940.209790                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168795.660020                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167205.562274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50029.469548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166146.998988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167205.562274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50029.469548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166146.998988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          859                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3518464                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          859                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      29928587                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3199.220322                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        76969624                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      29931996                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.571483                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          666.667604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    54.708809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    17.958815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    889.480615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1570.404440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.162761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.217158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.383400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.781060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29840750                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2006518                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7994936                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     15690775                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               55532979                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        27365396                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             27365396                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1563833                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1563833                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12955253                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             12955253                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29840750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2006518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7994936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     28646028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                68488232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29840750                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2006518                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7994936                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     28646028                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               68488232                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1333740                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       439333                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7257179                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     14967614                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             23997866                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        21297                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             21297                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5220315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            5220315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1333740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       439333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7257179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     20187929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              29218181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1333740                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       439333                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7257179                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     20187929                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             29218181                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  34240644775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  10702350565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 236417701958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 556484756202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   837845453500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104378021                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    104378021                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 285903967188                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 285903967188                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  34240644775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  10702350565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 236417701958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 842388723390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1123749420688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  34240644775                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  10702350565                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 236417701958                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 842388723390                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1123749420688                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31174490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2445851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15252115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     30658389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           79530845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     27365396                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         27365396                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1585130                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1585130                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18175568                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         18175568                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31174490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2445851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15252115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48833957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            97706413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31174490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2445851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15252115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48833957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           97706413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.042783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.179624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.488206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.301743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013435                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.013435                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.287216                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.287216                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.042783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.179624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.413399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.299041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.042783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.179624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.413399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.299041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25672.653422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24360.452242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32577.080152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37179.256240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34913.331606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  4901.066864                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4901.066864                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54767.570001                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54767.570001                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25672.653422                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24360.452242                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32577.080152                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41727.347238                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38460.622196                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25672.653422                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24360.452242                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32577.080152                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41727.347238                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38460.622196                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks            10285173                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                 10285173                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          357                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          362                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           40                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               765                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1333383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       438971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7257173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14967574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23997101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        21297                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        21297                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5220315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       5220315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1333383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       438971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7257173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     20187889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         29217416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1333383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       438971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      7257173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     20187889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        29217416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  27014763745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8261265923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 195319921323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 472833622245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 703429573236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    962306174                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    962306174                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 256964934584                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 256964934584                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  27014763745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8261265923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 195319921323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 729798556829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 960394507820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  27014763745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8261265923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 195319921323                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 729798556829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 960394507820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    145857167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    145857167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    392886101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    392886101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    538743268                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    538743268                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.042772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.179476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.488205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013435                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013435                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.287216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.287216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.042772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.179476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.413399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.299033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.042772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.179476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.413399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20260.318112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18819.616610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26914.050598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31590.531789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29313.106330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45185.057708                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45185.057708                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49224.028547                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49224.028547                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20260.318112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18819.616610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26914.050598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36150.315510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32870.617573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20260.318112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18819.616610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26914.050598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36150.315510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32870.617573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       5966077                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32512.340519                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        28290651                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       5998706                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          4.716126                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7628316714083                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11636.412840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.038729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.127987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.003220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   356.487014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   121.022352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5257.079108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  15141.169268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.355115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.160433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.462072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.992198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1268279                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       426101                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6287129                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12192661                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               20174170                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks        10285173                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total             10285173                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        13447                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               13447                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3050263                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              3050263                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1268279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       426101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6287129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     15242924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                23224433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1268279                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       426101                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6287129                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     15242924                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               23224433                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        65104                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12870                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       970044                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2774914                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3822932                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7927                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7927                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2169975                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2169975                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        65104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       970044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4944889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               5992907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        65104                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12870                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       970044                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4944889                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              5992907                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6072721988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1218983912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  90654092146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 259599463262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   357545261308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     68747455                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     68747455                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 201477639416                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 201477639416                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6072721988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1218983912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  90654092146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 461077102678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    559022900724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6072721988                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1218983912                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  90654092146                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 461077102678                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   559022900724                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1333383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       438971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7257173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14967575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           23997102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     10285173                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total         10285173                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21374                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           21374                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5220238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          5220238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1333383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       438971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7257173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     20187813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            29217340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1333383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       438971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      7257173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     20187813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           29217340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.048826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.185395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.159308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.370871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.370871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.415685                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.415685                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.048826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.244944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.205115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.048826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.244944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.205115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93277.248525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94715.144678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93453.587823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93552.255408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93526.450721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8672.569068                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8672.569068                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92847.908117                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92847.908117                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93277.248525                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94715.144678                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93453.587823                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93243.165353                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93280.756855                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93277.248525                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94715.144678                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93453.587823                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93243.165353                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93280.756855                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2741642                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2741642                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        65104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       970044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2774914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3822932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7927                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7927                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2169975                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2169975                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        65104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       970044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4944889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          5992907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        65104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       970044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4944889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         5992907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5159441423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1039125825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  76974972926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 220499012228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 303672552402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    617778702                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    617778702                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 170349892025                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 170349892025                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5159441423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1039125825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  76974972926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 390848904253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 474022444427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5159441423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1039125825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  76974972926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 390848904253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 474022444427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    130088696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    130088696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    345211788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    345211788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    475300484                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    475300484                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.048826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.185395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.159308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.370871                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370871                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.415685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.415685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.048826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.244944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.205115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.048826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.244944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79249.223135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80740.157343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79352.042718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79461.566098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79434.463496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77933.480762                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77933.480762                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78503.158804                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78503.158804                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79249.223135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80740.157343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79352.042718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79040.986411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79097.246867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79249.223135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80740.157343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79352.042718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79040.986411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79097.246867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                         3864                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         6532                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         68                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         68                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    67                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   16586                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                       136                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                       10396                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            27                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     6165                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    10421                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             14                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                             14                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  46                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              15252186                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999919                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               490557013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              15252698                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 32.161983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    490548943                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      490548943                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    490548943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       490548943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    490548943                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      490548943                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16555719                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     16555719                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16555719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      16555719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16555719                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     16555719                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 442985220918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 442985220918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 442985220918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 442985220918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 442985220918                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 442985220918                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    507104662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    507104662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    507104662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    507104662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    507104662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    507104662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26757.232405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26757.232405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26757.232405                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26757.232405                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26757.232405                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26757.232405                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      9039618                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            225                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40176.080000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1303439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1303439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1303439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1303439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1303439                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1303439                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15252280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     15252280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15252280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     15252280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15252280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     15252280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 345988875724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 345988875724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 345988875724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 345988875724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 345988875724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 345988875724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22684.403625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22684.403625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22684.403625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22684.403625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22684.403625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22684.403625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2446091                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.425825                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       8609997                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2446106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.519879                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.425825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.964114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.964114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8609783                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      8609783                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8609783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      8609783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8609783                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      8609783                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2446321                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2446321                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2446321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2446321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2446321                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2446321                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  41212583409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  41212583409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  41212583409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  41212583409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  41212583409                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  41212583409                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11056104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11056104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11056104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     11056104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11056104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     11056104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.221264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.221264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.221264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16846.760261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16846.760261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16846.760261                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16846.760261                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16846.760261                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16846.760261                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2462                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2462                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2446321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2446321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2446321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2446321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2446321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2446321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  33398732627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33398732627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  33398732627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33398732627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  33398732627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33398732627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13652.637012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13652.637012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13652.637012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13652.637012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13652.637012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13652.637012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     31192723                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.997479                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      59646322                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     31192739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.912186                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.997479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     59645767                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     59645767                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     59645767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     59645767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     59645767                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     59645767                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31201912                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     31201912                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31201912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     31201912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31201912                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     31201912                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 400182792238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 400182792238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 400182792238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 400182792238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 400182792238                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 400182792238                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     90847679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     90847679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     90847679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     90847679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     90847679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     90847679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.343453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.343453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.343453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.343453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.343453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.343453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12825.585568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12825.585568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12825.585568                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12825.585568                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12825.585568                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12825.585568                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        92520                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        92520                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31201912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     31201912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31201912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     31201912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31201912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     31201912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 302428839251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 302428839251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 302428839251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 302428839251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 302428839251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 302428839251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.343453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.343453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.343453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9692.638043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9692.638043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9692.638043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9692.638043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9692.638043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9692.638043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              48834041                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               994945664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              48834553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 20.373805                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    737050591                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      737050591                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    256055262                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     256055262                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    993105853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       993105853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    993105853                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      993105853                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     49077602                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     49077602                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     19783089                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     19783089                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     68860691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      68860691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     68860691                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     68860691                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1616701298947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1616701298947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 555183852192                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 555183852192                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2171885151139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2171885151139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2171885151139                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2171885151139                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    786128193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    786128193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    275838351                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    275838351                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1061966544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1061966544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1061966544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1061966544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071720                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.071720                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.064843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.064843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32941.733766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32941.733766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28063.557324                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28063.557324                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31540.275295                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31540.275295                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31540.275295                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31540.275295                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     27270414                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         27270414                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     18414321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     18414321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        38406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        38406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     18452727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     18452727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     18452727                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     18452727                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     30663281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     30663281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19744683                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     19744683                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     50407964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     50407964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     50407964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     50407964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 775516159653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 775516159653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 480323173119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 480323173119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1255839332772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1255839332772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1255839332772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1255839332772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    152137360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    152137360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    410459514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    410459514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    562596874                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    562596874                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071581                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071581                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25291.362645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25291.362645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24326.709784                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24326.709784                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24913.510349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24913.510349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24913.510349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24913.510349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              6429764990                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       602404616                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    602404616                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     63324114                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    434844191                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       349470125                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1976189128                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3301774844                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          602404616                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    349470125                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            979377471                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      329522779                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          83660941                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    2261484910                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       109361                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1816293                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2154                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        507104865                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     30674258                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1148180                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5567208387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.043194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.491008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4604433386     82.71%     82.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        59807920      1.07%     83.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        59122556      1.06%     84.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        86397061      1.55%     86.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        66252399      1.19%     87.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        79224085      1.42%     89.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        60007677      1.08%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        66447612      1.19%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       485515691      8.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5567208387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.093690                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.513514                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      2043339422                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2318787653                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        899302157                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     41211026                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     264568129                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    5671730595                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         2224                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     264568129                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2131761496                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1869126774                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     70244257                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        844554980                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    386952751                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5509189610                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      3021611                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      56999127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    309814936                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1888398                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6180704356                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  13877233573                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  13831338840                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     45894733                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   4062631328                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2118073061                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3506593                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3506372                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        812428794                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1064935551                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    417448448                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     66887168                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     41377929                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5271367631                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      5918376                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4637718993                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     10622141                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1630322762                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2415931909                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      2276882                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5567208387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.833042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.471723                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3660004238     65.74%     65.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    711336532     12.78%     78.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    473904227      8.51%     87.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    288274040      5.18%     92.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    197660430      3.55%     95.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    130152148      2.34%     98.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     73940768      1.33%     99.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     26783213      0.48%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      5152791      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5567208387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6593947     32.06%     32.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     32.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     32.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        25638      0.12%     32.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     32.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     32.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     32.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     32.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     32.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     32.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     32.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     32.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     32.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     32.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     32.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     32.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     32.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     32.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     32.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     32.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     32.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     32.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     32.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     32.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     32.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     32.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     32.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       9017006     43.84%     76.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      4933592     23.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     31592150      0.68%      0.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3336619123     71.95%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      7158272      0.15%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    911114153     19.65%     92.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    351235295      7.57%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4637718993                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.721289                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           20570183                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004435                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  14870144546                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   6884721306                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4492016289                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     27858904                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     23649201                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12967882                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4612807984                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       13889042                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    102070669                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    349437559                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       865884                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       800314                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    141612313                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       299746                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          649                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     264568129                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1346486257                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     27754248                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5277286007                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     30513624                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1064935551                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    417448448                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      5483034                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       9027372                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      3105758                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       800314                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     43309966                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     24689552                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     67999518                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4566876230                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    888593316                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     70842763                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1233624544                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       441248025                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         345031228                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.710271                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4518487220                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4504984171                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3137801941                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4857379781                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.700645                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.645987                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1700553546                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      3641494                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     63519739                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   5303381194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.674838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.716063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   4173402880     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    403001768      7.60%     86.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    173203529      3.27%     89.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    210762735      3.97%     93.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     78371617      1.48%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     46757832      0.88%     95.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     34753327      0.66%     96.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23592059      0.44%     96.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    159535447      3.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   5303381194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2050006531                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3578920610                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             991334173                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            715498015                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             195563                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         376623045                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          10416123                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3556698934                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    159535447                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         10422424113                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        10824609691                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               17084045                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              862556603                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles          8626979414                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         2050006531                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3578920610                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   2050006531                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.136461                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.136461                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.318831                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.318831                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      8891232383                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     5018194934                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         12403631                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9435482                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2196095927                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3352640                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            9412                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       624424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       265712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       234319192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        39178478                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          274399650                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    234319192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     234319192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1249280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         6744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     28034683                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        29290707                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        78053                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        33214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         29289899                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          6110031                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            35511806                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet             283                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         3785014                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            3804817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       124529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        52991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           46730313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            7813370                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              54723565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      46730313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         46730313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       249144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet              1345                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           5590961                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              5841450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       249629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              3222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       124529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        52991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          46730313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          13404331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             60565015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          305                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1249280                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          305                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        6532                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                        3864                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        68                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        68                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   22                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   67                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  16586                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                      136                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                      10396                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           27                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   10421                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    6165                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                            14                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            14                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 55                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    15057919878                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  22186264                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    41537058                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            41375107                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                32898                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3339232                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   41375107                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       32898                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         107368285                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         47771858                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              49571                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             20654                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     9921210                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   6127331                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  3793879                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             15009269770.082348                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             48650107.917653                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.003231                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.996769                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
