
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 159604                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   281917                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               86344852                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489228                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      680940                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1202784                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       195200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              274816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          74560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3050                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4294                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9207719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    202222351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    529878154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              745998949                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    202222351                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         202396082                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9207719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    202222351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    529878154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             745998949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           486                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2176.797691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              98                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           486                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.201646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          304.293604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.209869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.073272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.621071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.375857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    538.658102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1294.565921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.074290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.131508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.316056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.531445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2788                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          213                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          761                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1069                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4834                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1265                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1265                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         1216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2788                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          213                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          761                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         1216                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4981                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2344                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3598                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                710                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           54                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3053                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4308                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5440465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1788805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120643066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    240703408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      368575744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       928524                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       928524                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73574147                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73574147                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5440465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1788805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120643066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    314277555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       442149891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5440465                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1788805                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120643066                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    314277555                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      442149891                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1265                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1265                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          856                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              857                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                9289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               9289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.606718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.686786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.426708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.483871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.828271                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.828471                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.606718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.715156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.463774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.606718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.715156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.463774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100749.351852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105223.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102762.407155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102689.167235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102439.061701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30950.800000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30950.800000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103771.716502                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103625.559155                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100749.351852                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105223.823529                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102762.407155                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102940.568293                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102634.607939                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100749.351852                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105223.823529                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102762.407155                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102940.568293                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102634.607939                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  63                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       63                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5142265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1695705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114165872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    227710412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    348714254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1486721                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1486721                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69685647                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69685647                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5142265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1695705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114165872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    297396059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    418399901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5142265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1695705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114165872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    297396059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    418399901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.606718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.686786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483871                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483871                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.828271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.827305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.606718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.715156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.462698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.606718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.715156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.462698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95227.129630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99747.352941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97245.206133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97146.080205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97161.954305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49557.366667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49557.366667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98287.231312                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98287.231312                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95227.129630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99747.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97245.206133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97411.090403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97347.580503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95227.129630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99747.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97245.206133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97411.090403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97347.580503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1972.686377                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           13.661055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.331374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    34.973734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.411859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    547.127818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1365.180568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.001067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.041662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.060202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              63                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   63                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2341                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3584                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                710                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3050                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4294                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4947065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1637505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110027296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    219747006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      336358872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67260811                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67260811                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4947065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1637505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110027296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    287007817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       403619683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4947065                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1637505                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110027296                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    287007817                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      403619683                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           54                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           63                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               63                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              710                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           54                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           54                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.981481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.996109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.981481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.996750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.981481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.996750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93340.849057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96323.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94525.168385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93868.862025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93850.131696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94867.152327                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94733.536620                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93340.849057                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96323.823529                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94525.168385                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94100.923607                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93996.200047                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93340.849057                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96323.823529                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94525.168385                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94100.923607                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93996.200047                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4206972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1401292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93679162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    186800636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    286088062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57224402                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57224402                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4206972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1401292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93679162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244025038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    343312464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4206972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1401292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93679162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244025038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    343312464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.981481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.981481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.994429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.981481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.991482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79376.830189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82428.941176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80480.379725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79795.231098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80024.632727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80711.427362                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80711.427362                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79376.830189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82428.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80480.379725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80008.209180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80138.296919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79376.830189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82428.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80480.379725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80008.209180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80138.296919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1434                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               331.300469                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   21337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1434                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 14.879358                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.242455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   331.058014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.646598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.647071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31763                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31781                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31763                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31781                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2296                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2297                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          2297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2296                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         2297                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    166335897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    166335897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    166335897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    166335897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    166335897                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    166335897                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        34078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        34078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.067404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.067404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72445.948171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72414.408794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72445.948171                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72414.408794                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72445.948171                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72414.408794                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          361                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          361                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130535188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130535188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130535188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130535188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130535188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130535188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67460.045478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67460.045478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67460.045478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67460.045478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67460.045478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67460.045478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          222                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.616262                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          222                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.968468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019268118000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.533319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.082943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.095832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.567684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.663516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1367                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1367                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1367                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1367                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          259                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          263                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          263                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4727927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4727927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4727927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4727927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4727927                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4727927                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.159287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.161350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.159287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.161350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.159287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.161350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18254.544402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17976.908745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18254.544402                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17976.908745                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18254.544402                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17976.908745                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3904022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3904022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3904022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3904022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3904022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3904022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.159287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.159287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.159287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15073.444015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15073.444015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15073.444015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15073.444015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15073.444015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15073.444015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2873                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.270901                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          1971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2873                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.686042                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019126262300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.671190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.599711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.041949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.849982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.891931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2185                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2188                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2185                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2188                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2918                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2923                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2918                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2923                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35537811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35537811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35537811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     35537811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35537811                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     35537811                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         5111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         5111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.571820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.571904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.571820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.571904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.571820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.571904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12178.824880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12157.992131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12178.824880                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12157.992131                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12178.824880                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12157.992131                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           15                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           15                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26464783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26464783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26464783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     26464783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26464783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     26464783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.571820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.570925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.571820                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.570925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.571820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.570925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9069.493831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9069.493831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9069.493831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9069.493831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9069.493831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9069.493831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3760                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               455.202989                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   54350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3760                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 14.454787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5019358372300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.322038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   454.880952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.888439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.889068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44508                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          44511                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21871                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21871                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        66379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           66382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        66379                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          66382                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8230                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8232                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          924                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          925                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         9154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          9157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         9154                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         9157                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    714361136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    714361136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81459321                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81459321                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    795820457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    795820457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    795820457                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    795820457                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.156054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.156078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040535                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.121192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.121222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.121192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.121222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86799.652005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86778.563654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88159.438312                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88064.130811                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86936.908128                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86908.426013                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86936.908128                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86908.426013                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1250                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1250                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4823                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4823                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    256010842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    256010842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77728856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77728856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    333739698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    333739698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    333739698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    333739698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040140                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040139                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74944.625878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74944.625878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84949.569399                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84949.569399                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77058.346340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77058.346340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77058.346340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77058.346340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           57012                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        57012                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6450                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        36768                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           23959                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       158955                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                266645                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              57012                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        23959                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                83636                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          31655                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              5900                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        486353                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2074                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            34059                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2964                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             94                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       761535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.641457                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035486                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          679943     89.29%     89.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            8787      1.15%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5139      0.67%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3794      0.50%     91.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5686      0.75%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5413      0.71%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5248      0.69%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3452      0.45%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           44073      5.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       761535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051537                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.241038                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          164270                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       493831                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            74120                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4695                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         24617                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        470385                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            3                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         24617                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          173829                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         395531                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        66407                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            69272                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        31877                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        448664                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          430                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8489                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        19183                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          219                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       537516                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1171601                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1171601                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       330262                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          207249                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2122                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2118                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            75658                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        67025                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30319                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1861                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          923                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            423469                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2138                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           369780                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2413                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       143897                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       233363                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          661                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       761535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.206959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       610824     80.21%     80.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        57570      7.56%     87.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34780      4.57%     92.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22479      2.95%     95.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16215      2.13%     97.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10588      1.39%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6504      0.85%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2211      0.29%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          364      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       761535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            760     33.13%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           825     35.96%     69.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          709     30.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3026      0.82%      0.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       279236     75.51%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        59736     16.15%     92.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        27782      7.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        369780                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.334269                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2294                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006204                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1507276                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       569623                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       356435                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        369048                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4460                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22874                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           90                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          124                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7524                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          132                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         24617                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         356446                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4032                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       425607                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4467                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        67025                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30319                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2121                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2065                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           47                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          124                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1966                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5725                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7691                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       361803                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        57420                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7977                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               84562                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37103                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             27142                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.327058                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                357488                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               356435                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           247675                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           395077                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322205                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.626903                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       150610                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6712                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       737079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.372900                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.305085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       646806     87.75%     87.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35244      4.78%     92.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13566      1.84%     94.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        14642      1.99%     96.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7041      0.96%     97.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3385      0.46%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2742      0.37%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2210      0.30%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11443      1.55%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       737079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       154490                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        274857                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 66946                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44151                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30295                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           274479                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11443                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1150161                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             875829                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2233                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 344701                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             154490                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               274857                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       154490                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.160567                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.160567                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.139654                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.139654                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          722638                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         414930                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         168396                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.112714                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1112714085420                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6132481355025                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  51660                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    96493                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               67108639                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4657808                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 16580.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   856561514                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1599924172                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3531584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       161792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       961088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     10767232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            15490048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       961088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         961088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11518592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11518592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55181                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2528                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          677                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        15017                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       168238                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               242032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         179978                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              179978                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        22489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3173847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       145403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       863733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      9676549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               13920960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       863733                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            863733                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         10351798                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              10351798                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         10351798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        22489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3173847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       145403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       863733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      9676549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              24272758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   104114                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.463896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      54909                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   104128                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.527322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020575331000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.113627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.350269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.007102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.959392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.966493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18697                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18697                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          7982                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             7982                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           26679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              26679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          26679                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             26679                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103832                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103859                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99553                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101281                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           205140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203385                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          205140                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1083000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4594492462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4595575462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126166784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6703093000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6829259784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127249784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11297585462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11424835246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127249784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11297585462                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11424835246                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109263                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       230064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       230064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.925773                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.926947                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.884037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.884915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.884037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40111.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44249.291760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44248.215966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 73013.185185                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67331.903609                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67428.834470                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72506.999430                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55547.781115                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55692.869484                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72506.999430                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55547.781115                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55692.869484                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       451000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  46                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9804.347826                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56775                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56775                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       205140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       205140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       745700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3312005909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3312751609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    105369800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5473600401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5578970201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    106115500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8785606310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8891721810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    106115500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8785606310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8891721810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.925773                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.926947                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.884037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.884037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27618.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 31897.737778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31896.625319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60977.893519                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54981.772533                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55084.075009                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60464.672365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43196.923618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43344.651506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60464.672365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43196.923618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43344.651506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      27651468                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4048.307574                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        61167807                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      27655515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.211776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          519.248415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.004719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    64.252527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    41.961667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2729.279426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    693.560820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.126770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.666328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.169326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.988356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17269205                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4553203                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24756393                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8109361                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               54688162                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         8544852                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              8544852                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       959665                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              959665                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1542073                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1542073                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17269205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4553203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24756393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      9651434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                56230235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17269205                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4553203                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24756393                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      9651434                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               56230235                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       331669                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171106                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19073023                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6016975                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             25592773                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        54589                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             54589                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1842043                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1842043                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       331669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19073023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7859018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              27434816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       331669                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171106                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19073023                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7859018                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             27434816                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7487967107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3707707608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 421337037703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 150961264665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   583493977083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2251364418                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2251364418                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54472921670                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  54472921670                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7487967107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3707707608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 421337037703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 205434186335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    637966898753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7487967107                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3707707608                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 421337037703                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 205434186335                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   637966898753                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17600874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4724309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43829416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14126336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           80280935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8544852                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          8544852                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1014254                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1014254                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3384116                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3384116                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17600874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4724309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43829416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17510452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            83665051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17600874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4724309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43829416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17510452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           83665051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.425940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.318790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053822                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.053822                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.544320                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.544320                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.448819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.327912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.448819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.327912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22576.626417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21669.068344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22090.731905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25089.229167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22799.169792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41242.089395                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41242.089395                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29572.014155                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29572.014155                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22576.626417                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21669.068344                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22090.731905                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26139.930757                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23253.915709                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22576.626417                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21669.068344                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22090.731905                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26139.930757                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23253.915709                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             3822086                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  3822086                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              2230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               2230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1448                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          782                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              2230                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       330221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       170324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19073023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6016975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25590543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        54589                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        54589                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1842043                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1842043                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       330221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       170324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19073023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7859018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         27432586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       330221                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       170324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19073023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7859018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        27432586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5694351170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2765105504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 313202914931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 117878898885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 439541270490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2885703852                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2885703852                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  44111007788                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44111007788                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5694351170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2765105504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 313202914931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 161989906673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 483652278278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5694351170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2765105504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 313202914931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 161989906673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 483652278278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10446750088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10446750088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15596695764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15596695764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26043445852                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26043445852                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.425940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.318762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053822                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053822                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.544320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.544320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.448819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.327886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.448819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17244.061310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16234.385665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16421.251887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19591.056783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17175.925907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52862.368829                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52862.368829                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23946.785058                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23946.785058                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17244.061310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16234.385665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16421.251887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20611.978071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17630.575487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17244.061310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16234.385665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16421.251887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20611.978071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17630.575487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        186556                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32346.951756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        29104974                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        219033                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        132.879402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18135.054208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.055981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.016141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   448.083762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   148.945232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5612.288293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   8002.506062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.553438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.171273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.244217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       327693                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169647                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19057998                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5865565                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               25420903                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3822086                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              3822086                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4983                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                4983                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1662323                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1662323                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       327693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19057998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      7527888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                27083226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       327693                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       169647                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19057998                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7527888                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               27083226                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2528                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          677                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15025                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       151410                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               169640                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        75354                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             75354                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       153972                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             153972                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       305382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                323612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2528                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          677                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15025                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       305382                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               323612                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    234442391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     62897158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1405330880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8945384276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10648054705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1875865913                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1875865913                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13838082529                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13838082529                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    234442391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     62897158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1405330880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22783466805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     24486137234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    234442391                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     62897158                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1405330880                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22783466805                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    24486137234                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       330221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       170324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19073023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6016975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           25590543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3822086                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          3822086                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        80337                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           80337                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1816295                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1816295                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       330221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       170324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19073023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7833270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            27406838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       330221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       170324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19073023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7833270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           27406838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.006629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.937974                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.937974                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084773                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.084773                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.011808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.011808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92738.287579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92905.698671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93532.837271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59080.538115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62768.537521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24894.045611                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24894.045611                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89874.019491                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89874.019491                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92738.287579                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92905.698671                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93532.837271                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74606.449643                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75665.108939                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92738.287579                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92905.698671                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93532.837271                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74606.449643                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75665.108939                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              123203                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   123203                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       151410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          169640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        75354                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        75354                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       153972                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        153972                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       305382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           323612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          677                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       305382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          323612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    198999499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     53380443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1193415470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6812487827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8258283239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3869186932                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3869186932                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11637298200                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11637298200                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    198999499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     53380443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1193415470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18449786027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19895581439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    198999499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     53380443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1193415470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18449786027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19895581439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9309088469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9309088469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13890043227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13890043227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  23199131696                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  23199131696                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.937974                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.937974                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.011808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78718.156250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78848.512555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79428.650250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44993.645248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48681.226356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51346.802187                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51346.802187                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75580.613358                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75580.613358                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78718.156250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78848.512555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79428.650250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60415.433873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61479.739438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78718.156250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78848.512555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79428.650250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60415.433873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61479.739438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                33326196                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         44939                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 20419607                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 12906590                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          22469                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          22469                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               21914                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              43829429                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               131985660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              43829941                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.011313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131970476                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      131970476                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131970476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       131970476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131970476                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      131970476                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47939686                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     47939686                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47939686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      47939686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47939686                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     47939686                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1012545819862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1012545819862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1012545819862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 1012545819862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1012545819862                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 1012545819862                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    179910162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    179910162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    179910162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    179910162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    179910162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    179910162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.266465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.266465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.266465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21121.244304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21121.244304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21121.244304                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21121.244304                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21121.244304                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21121.244304                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       327779                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40972.375000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4110246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4110246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4110246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4110246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4110246                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4110246                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43829440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     43829440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43829440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     43829440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43829440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     43829440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 787842945882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 787842945882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 787842945882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 787842945882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 787842945882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 787842945882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17975.199909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17975.199909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17975.199909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17975.199909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17975.199909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17975.199909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4726014                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.995717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4395002                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4726030                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.929956                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.995717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4394515                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4394515                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4394515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4394515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4394515                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4394515                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4726738                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4726738                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4726738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4726738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4726738                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4726738                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  79335956905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79335956905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  79335956905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  79335956905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  79335956905                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  79335956905                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9121253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9121253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9121253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      9121253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9121253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      9121253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.518211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.518211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.518211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16784.504854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16784.504854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16784.504854                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16784.504854                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16784.504854                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16784.504854                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        33667                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        33667                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4726738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4726738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4726738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4726738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4726738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4726738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64863589760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  64863589760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64863589760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  64863589760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64863589760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  64863589760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13722.696236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13722.696236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13722.696236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13722.696236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13722.696236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13722.696236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17605536                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.985472                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       4949321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17605552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.281123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.985472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4949020                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4949020                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4949020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4949020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4949020                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4949020                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17616460                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17616460                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17616460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17616460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17616460                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17616460                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 287870040291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 287870040291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 287870040291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 287870040291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 287870040291                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 287870040291                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22565480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22565480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22565480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     22565480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22565480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     22565480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.780682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.780682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.780682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.780682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.780682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.780682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16340.969769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16340.969769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16340.969769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16340.969769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16340.969769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16340.969769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        23431                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        23431                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17616460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17616460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17616460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17616460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17616460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17616460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 234127023624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 234127023624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 234127023624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 234127023624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 234127023624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 234127023624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.780682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.780682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.780682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.780682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.780682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.780682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13290.242400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13290.242400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13290.242400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13290.242400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13290.242400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13290.242400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              17470358                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               510.752634                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               279692315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              17470869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 16.009067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.752634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.997564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    180086529                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      180086529                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98463282                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98463282                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    278549811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       278549811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    278549811                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      278549811                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     21697362                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     21697362                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4427252                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4427252                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     26124614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      26124614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     26124614                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     26124614                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 573031861845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 573031861845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 114343505521                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 114343505521                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 687375367366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 687375367366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 687375367366                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 687375367366                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    201783891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    201783891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102890534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102890534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304674425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    304674425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304674425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304674425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.107528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043029                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.043029                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26410.208847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26410.208847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25827.196085                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25827.196085                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26311.407601                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26311.407601                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26311.407601                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26311.407601                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8487754                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          8487754                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7561618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7561618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        53692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        53692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7615310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      7615310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7615310                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      7615310                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14135744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14135744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4373560                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4373560                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18509304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18509304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18509304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18509304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 320051310098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 320051310098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  97972592016                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  97972592016                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 418023902114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 418023902114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 418023902114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 418023902114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10906433381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10906433381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  16207846224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16207846224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  27114279605                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  27114279605                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042507                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042507                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22641.278032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22641.278032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22401.108483                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22401.108483                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22584.528414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22584.528414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22584.528414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22584.528414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3302604578                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       231493593                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    231493593                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     43013943                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    196767865                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       103685196                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1487810532                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1055714017                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          231493593                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    103685196                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            329812233                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      155996214                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          85088720                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     397905734                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       717843                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2000355                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        179910170                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     30374448                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1211197                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2414784005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.818696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.261470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2093554190     86.70%     86.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        20368681      0.84%     87.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14628219      0.61%     88.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26497320      1.10%     89.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        22787320      0.94%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        27600734      1.14%     91.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19640157      0.81%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16796912      0.70%     92.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       172910472      7.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2414784005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.070094                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.319661                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1549392633                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    442792210                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        304849444                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6301186                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     111448532                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1916319319                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1112                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     111448532                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1570248454                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      143173430                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    255230915                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        289325653                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     45357021                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1837959112                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       661963                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7298770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     29728037                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       179920                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1996460762                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4569631500                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4569538012                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        93488                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1203652592                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       792808284                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6232748                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6271060                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        140632013                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    259442385                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    159323625                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     16450395                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     15251691                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1705070961                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      9042538                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1541129636                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7844838                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    570519347                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    761625046                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3367749                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2414784005                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.638206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.412548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1838298419     76.13%     76.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    198175684      8.21%     84.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    124592863      5.16%     89.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     85119450      3.52%     93.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     69694006      2.89%     95.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49171712      2.04%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36546082      1.51%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     10987512      0.46%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2198277      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2414784005                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4497363     42.12%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4093421     38.34%     80.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2087013     19.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18599741      1.21%      1.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1144680096     74.28%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    236380081     15.34%     90.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    141469718      9.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1541129636                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.466641                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10677797                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5522195886                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2285039754                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1465343328                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        41510                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        26490                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20415                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1533186905                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20787                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     23224559                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     95059615                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       502061                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       456344                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     56404019                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       202361                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     111448532                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       82559516                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1909895                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1714113499                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29492917                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    259442385                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    159323625                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7970878                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        929207                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        75369                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       456344                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14261270                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33890423                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     48151693                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1494965161                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    225264651                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     46164476                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           361108005                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       158023972                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         135843354                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.452662                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1468247656                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1465363743                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        921900959                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1420495192                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.443699                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.649000                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    630320771                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5674789                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     43246370                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2304239191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.470321                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.422523                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1947379179     84.51%     84.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    128284594      5.57%     90.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57810350      2.51%     92.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63152203      2.74%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33462076      1.45%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     14988012      0.65%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     11953322      0.52%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7814754      0.34%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     39394701      1.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2304239191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    586331425                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1083731085                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             267302416                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164382783                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             577019                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125442155                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1079159344                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     39394701                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3977597606                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3540022844                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               26249062                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              887820573                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            31613699                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          586331425                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1083731085                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    586331425                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.632658                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.632658                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.177536                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.177536                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2862166913                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1577014725                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20415                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      703785644                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5323911                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       943328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        83992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2847450312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       513399366                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3364639534                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2847450312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2847450312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    358060417                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       365624853                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        355931289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         81294930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           437463055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122509                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51641589                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51822914                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2476137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       847772                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        75484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2559013451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          461393787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3023813195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2559013451                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2559013451                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3382921                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3415264                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         321790136                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            328588321                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3389485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           5891400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       847772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        75484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2559013451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         783183923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3352401516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               33326196                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        44939                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                12906590                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                20419607                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         22469                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         22469                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              21795                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3341474916                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 268828420                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   513705882                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           511992647                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36648578                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  511992647                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1320319432                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        566555517                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   133154555                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81378832                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51775723                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2740644075.902860                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             600830840.097140                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.179810                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.820190                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
