
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  56659                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   101766                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               29889786                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490072                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     9.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549673                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        49152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              247232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        48192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            48192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          768                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1084                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            753                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 753                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    169504812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5959154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    434135371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    239248979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              852600375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    434135371                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         434576790                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        166194171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             166194171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        166194171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    169504812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5959154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    434135371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    239248979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1018794546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      765                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.259048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      765                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971064352000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.259048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.516191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.516191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              13                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          768                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            768                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             781                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       557000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       557000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    136007904                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    136007904                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    136564904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    136564904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    136564904                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    136564904                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          768                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          768                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42846.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42846.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177093.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177093.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174859.032010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174859.032010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174859.032010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174859.032010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       918800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  82                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11204.878049                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            753                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 753                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       398200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       398200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126756292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126756292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127154492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    127154492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127154492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    127154492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30630.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30630.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165047.255208                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165047.255208                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162809.848912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162809.848912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162809.848912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162809.848912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           12                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        49152                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           12                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           235                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1701.842225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              90                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.382979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          115.928909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.606602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.758156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    19.849320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.419682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1100.492330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    450.787274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.028303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.268675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.110055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.415489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2366                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1628                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          987                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5076                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             977                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  977                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          182                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  182                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         1169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2366                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1628                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         1169                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5258                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          822                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2871                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          282                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                282                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1104                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3153                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2835195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       836649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205675131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85538267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      294885242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28900191                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28900191                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2835195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       836649                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205675131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    114438458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       323785433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2835195                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       836649                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205675131                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    114438458                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      323785433                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          977                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              977                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          464                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              464                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.086538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.454395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.361268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.607759                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.607759                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.086538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.485702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.374866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.086538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.485702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.374866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105007.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102632.300898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104061.152068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102711.683037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102482.946809                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102482.946809                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105007.222222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102632.300898                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103658.023551                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102691.225182                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105007.222222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102632.300898                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103658.023551                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102691.225182                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  19                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       19                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          282                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           282                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2687895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       786995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194617635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81035933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279128458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27331974                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27331974                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2687895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       786995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194617635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108367907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    306460432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2687895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       786995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194617635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108367907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    306460432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3182896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3182896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7059266                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7059266                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10242162                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10242162                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.086538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.454395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.607759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.607759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.086538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.485702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.373796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.086538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.551762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.485702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.373796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99551.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87443.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97114.588323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98583.860097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97529.160727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96921.893617                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96921.893617                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99551.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87443.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97114.588323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98159.336051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97474.692112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99551.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87443.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97114.588323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98159.336051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97474.692112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1651.231601                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            1.762156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.678327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.962163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1134.867280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    477.961752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.050392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     55                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              19                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   19                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      56                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           37                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     56                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          805                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2816                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1085                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3096                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2593495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       744995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187358213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77965624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      268662327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26283434                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26283434                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2593495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       744995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187358213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104249058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       294945761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2593495                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       744995                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187358213                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104249058                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      294945761                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           19                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               19                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          281                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              281                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.979319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.980843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996441                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.996441                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.983681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.982234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.983681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.982234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96055.370370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93124.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95250.743772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96851.706832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95405.655895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93869.407143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93869.407143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96055.370370                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93124.375000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95250.743772                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96082.081106                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95266.718669                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96055.370370                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93124.375000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95250.743772                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96082.081106                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95266.718669                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2219144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       633276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159722209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66736490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229311119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22284903                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22284903                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2219144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       633276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159722209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89021393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251596022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2219144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       633276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159722209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89021393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251596022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.979319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.977708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.983681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.979378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.981537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.983681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.979378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82190.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79159.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81200.919675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82902.472050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81692.596722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79588.939286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79588.939286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82190.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79159.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81200.919675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82047.366820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81501.788792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82190.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79159.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81200.919675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82047.366820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81501.788792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3122                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               436.842037                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   27800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3122                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  8.904548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971067694300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.829360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   436.012677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.851587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.853207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31240                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31259                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31240                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31259                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4279                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4281                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4279                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4281                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    292771093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    292771093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    292771093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    292771093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    292771093                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    292771093                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68420.447067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68388.482364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68420.447067                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68388.482364                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68420.447067                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68388.482364                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          647                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          647                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228599309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228599309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228599309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228599309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228599309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228599309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62940.338381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62940.338381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62940.338381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62940.338381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62940.338381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62940.338381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           96                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.587130                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           96                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.135417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.260049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.327080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.016253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.582943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.599196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          185                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          185                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          185                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          185                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          107                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          107                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2317732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2317732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2317732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2317732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2317732                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2317732                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.359862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.366438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.359862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.366438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.359862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.366438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22285.884615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21661.046729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22285.884615                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21661.046729                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22285.884615                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21661.046729                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1992940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1992940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1992940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1992940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1992940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1992940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.359862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.359862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.359862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19162.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19162.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19162.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19162.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19162.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19162.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2381                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.340028                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2381                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.107518                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.064539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.275490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.066534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.767218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.833752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          339                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          339                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          339                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          339                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2394                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2397                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2394                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2397                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31080404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31080404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31080404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31080404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31080404                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31080404                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.876096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.876096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.876096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12982.624896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12966.376304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12982.624896                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12966.376304                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12982.624896                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12966.376304                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23703112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23703112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23703112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23703112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23703112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23703112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9901.049290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9901.049290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9901.049290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9901.049290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9901.049290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9901.049290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  2018                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               217.372639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   48882                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  2018                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.222993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          4971165557905                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.105772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   217.266867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.848699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.849112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        33665                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          33665                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20607                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20607                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        54272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           54272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        54272                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          54272                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3364                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3365                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          476                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          476                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3840                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3841                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    218383421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    218383421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33848387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33848387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    252231808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    252231808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    252231808                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    252231808                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        37029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        37030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        58113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        58113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.090872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.066079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.066095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.066079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.066095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64917.782699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64898.490639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71110.056723                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71110.056723                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65685.366667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65668.265556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65685.366667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65668.265556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          977                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              977                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1566                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1566                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100185943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100185943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31253255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31253255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    131439198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131439198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    131439198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131439198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3324284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3324284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7325645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7325645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10649929                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10649929                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022056                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022056                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55381.947485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55381.947485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67211.301075                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67211.301075                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57800.878628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57800.878628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57800.878628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57800.878628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  831637                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           49494                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        49494                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7419                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        36567                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21940                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       199162                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                230462                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              49494                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21940                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                70771                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          28574                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1784                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        172365                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           11                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          345                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35519                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4400                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             37                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       465280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.945151                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.419931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          396273     85.17%     85.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3073      0.66%     85.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2857      0.61%     86.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            4032      0.87%     87.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6276      1.35%     88.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4192      0.90%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6228      1.34%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3347      0.72%     91.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           39002      8.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       465280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.059514                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.277119                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          194652                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       183354                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            64573                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1846                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20842                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        423084                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20842                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          200138                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         107816                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        62573                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60836                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13062                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        401942                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          3046                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7894                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          138                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       441359                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1005924                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1005834                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284718                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          156630                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1390                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1391                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            37911                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        50047                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30568                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2196                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1236                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            372294                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2175                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           336909                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1800                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       112080                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       160090                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1023                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       465280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.724099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.490246                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       341321     73.36%     73.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        40673      8.74%     82.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        26546      5.71%     87.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        20020      4.30%     92.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14955      3.21%     95.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10824      2.33%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         7941      1.71%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2502      0.54%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          498      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       465280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            867     50.55%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           439     25.60%     76.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          409     23.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4144      1.23%      1.23% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       260855     77.43%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        45171     13.41%     92.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26729      7.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        336909                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.405115                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1715                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005090                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1143482                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       486666                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       321527                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        334466                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5740                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16872                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          128                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          168                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9439                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           29                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20842                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          93757                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1011                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       374469                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5969                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        50047                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30568                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1784                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           562                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           41                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          168                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1849                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6652                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8501                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       326906                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42873                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10003                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68517                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33976                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25644                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.393087                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                322259                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               321536                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           209530                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           341436                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.386630                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613673                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       121305                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7449                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       444586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.569541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.540424                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       359975     80.97%     80.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30391      6.84%     87.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16094      3.62%     91.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        12956      2.91%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7977      1.79%     96.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3422      0.77%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2310      0.52%     97.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2803      0.63%     98.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8658      1.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       444586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133864                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253210                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54300                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33172                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27938                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251166                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8658                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              810241                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             770108                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2504                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 366357                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                2034                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253210                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.212552                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.212552                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.160964                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.160964                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          647355                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         350617                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         140596                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003924                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003924036349                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975426814758                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26438                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    50978                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3841209962                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4581572                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5207.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   137683104                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     265481027                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           606080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        12416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       467584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1446208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             3598080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       467584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         467584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1831104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          1831104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              9470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         7306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        22597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                56220                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          28611                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               28611                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               30298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          246                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        23375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        72296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 179869                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        23375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             23375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            91537                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 91537                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            91537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              30298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        23375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        72296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                271406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    28841                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.966767                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       8573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    28856                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.297096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.066692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.900074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.931255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.935423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           2710                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              2710                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           341                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              341                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            3051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               3051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           3051                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              3051                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        15838                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           16098                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        18154                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          34794                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         33992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            50892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        33992                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           50892                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11033000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet    643924433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    654957433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2926040920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1186384000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4112424920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2937073920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1830308433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4767382353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2937073920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1830308433                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4767382353                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        18548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         18808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        18495                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35135                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        37043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          53943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        37043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         53943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.855912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.981563                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.990295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.943440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.943440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42434.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40656.928463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40685.640017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175843.805288                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 65351.107194                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118193.508076                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173791.356213                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 53845.270446                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93676.459031                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173791.356213                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 53845.270446                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93676.459031                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21433200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1877                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11418.859883                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          26003                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               26003                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        15838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        18154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34794                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        33992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        33992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      7854200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    446732100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    454586300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2725488992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    961939900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3687428892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2733343192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1408672000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4142015192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2733343192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1408672000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4142015192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.855912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.981563                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990295                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30208.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28206.345498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28238.681824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163791.405769                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 52987.765782                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105978.872564                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161736.283550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41441.280301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81388.335927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161736.283550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41441.280301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81388.335927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        348922                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4053.280802                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         6387894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        352990                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         18.096530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          692.121314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.014895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.004183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    27.245215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.044558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2438.925677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    887.924960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.168975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.595441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.216779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.989571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       776069                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        49358                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3505475                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1122211                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                5453113                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          948552                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               948552                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16166                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               16166                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       253675                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               253675                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       776069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        49358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3505475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      1375886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 5706788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       776069                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        49358                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3505475                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1375886                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                5706788                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2273                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          945                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       217068                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       107054                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               327340                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8907                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8907                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        36698                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              36698                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       217068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       143752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                364038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2273                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          945                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       217068                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       143752                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               364038                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     63855061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     26876465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5236723428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3759988456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     9087443410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    325712002                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    325712002                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2294531697                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2294531697                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     63855061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     26876465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5236723428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6054520153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     11381975107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     63855061                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     26876465                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5236723428                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6054520153                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    11381975107                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       778342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        50303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3722543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1229265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            5780453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       948552                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           948552                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        25073                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           25073                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       290373                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           290373                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       778342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        50303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3722543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1519638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             6070826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       778342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        50303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3722543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1519638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            6070826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.058312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.056629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.355243                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.355243                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.126382                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.126382                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.058312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.094596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.059965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.058312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.094596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.059965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28092.855697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28440.703704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24124.806181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35122.353728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27761.481670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36568.092736                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36568.092736                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62524.706987                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62524.706987                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28092.855697                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28440.703704                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24124.806181                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42117.815077                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31265.898360                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28092.855697                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28440.703704                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24124.806181                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42117.815077                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31265.898360                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks               65041                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                    65041                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       217066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       107033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          327317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8907                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8907                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        36698                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         36698                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       217066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       143731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           364015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2273                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       217066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       143731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          364015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     51650369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     21759397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3999933782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3164975862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7238319410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    466395357                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    466395357                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2089576080                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2089576080                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     51650369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     21759397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3999933782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5254551942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9327895490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     51650369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     21759397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3999933782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5254551942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9327895490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3380546349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3380546349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4927999601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4927999601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8308545950                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8308545950                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.058311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.355243                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355243                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.126382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.058311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.094582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.059961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.058311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.094582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22723.435548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23025.816931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18427.269964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29570.093915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22114.095540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52362.788481                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52362.788481                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56939.780914                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56939.780914                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22723.435548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23025.816931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18427.269964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36558.236859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25625.030534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22723.435548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23025.816931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18427.269964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36558.236859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25625.030534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                          6486                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     29900.005068                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          345204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         36998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          9.330342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10112.087095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        1.516103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.046472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                     2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data                     1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   159.983107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    55.486621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   8766.977213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  10799.908457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.308596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.267547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.329587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.912476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2079                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          868                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       209759                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        78622                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 291328                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks           65041                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                65041                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           63                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  63                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16406                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                16406                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       209759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        95028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  307734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2079                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          868                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       209759                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        95028                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 307734                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7307                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        28411                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                35989                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        15994                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             15994                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        13142                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              13142                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        41553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 49131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          194                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7307                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        41553                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                49131                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18186133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7207247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    683784436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1700209277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2409387093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    259889025                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    259889025                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1133956100                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1133956100                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18186133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7207247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    683784436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2834165377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      3543343193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18186133                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7207247                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    683784436                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2834165377                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     3543343193                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       217066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       107033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             327317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        65041                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total            65041                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16057                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           16057                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29548                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            29548                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       217066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       136581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              356865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       217066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       136581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             356865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.085350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.081481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.265441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.109952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996076                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.996076                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.444768                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.444768                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.085350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.081481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.304237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.137674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.085350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.081481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.304237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.137674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93742.953608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93600.610390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93579.367182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59843.345078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66947.875545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16249.157497                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16249.157497                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86284.895754                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86284.895754                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93742.953608                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93600.610390                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93579.367182                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68206.035112                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72120.314934                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93742.953608                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93600.610390                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93579.367182                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68206.035112                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72120.314934                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks                2608                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                     2608                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        15994                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        15994                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        13142                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         13142                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            49131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           49131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15472824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6130048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    580861543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1300942831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1903407246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    846019514                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    846019514                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    945765125                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    945765125                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15472824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6130048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    580861543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2246707956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2849172371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15472824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6130048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    580861543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2246707956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2849172371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3013166934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3013166934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4379131500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4379131500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7392298434                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7392298434                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.085350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.081481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.265441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.109952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996076                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996076                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.444768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.085350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.081481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.304237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.137674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.085350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.081481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.304237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79756.824742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79611.012987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79493.847407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45790.110556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52888.583901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52896.055646                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52896.055646                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71965.083321                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71965.083321                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79756.824742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79611.012987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79493.847407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54068.489784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57991.336855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79756.824742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79611.012987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79493.847407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54068.489784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57991.336855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       297328                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       374697                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       4292                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       3617                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  2485                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  3612                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  268757                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      7909                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                      672025                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           395                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   118908                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   149849                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            215                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            181                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                7704                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               3722541                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                10153131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               3723053                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.727098                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10145650                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       10145650                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10145650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        10145650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10145650                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       10145650                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3889400                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3889400                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3889400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       3889400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3889400                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      3889400                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  55018991962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  55018991962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  55018991962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  55018991962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  55018991962                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  55018991962                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14035050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14035050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14035050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     14035050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14035050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     14035050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.277120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.277120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.277120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.277120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.277120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.277120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14145.881617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14145.881617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14145.881617                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14145.881617                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14145.881617                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14145.881617                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       104526                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        34842                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       166850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       166850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       166850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       166850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       166850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       166850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3722550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3722550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3722550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3722550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3722550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3722550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  40073846735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40073846735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  40073846735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40073846735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  40073846735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40073846735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.265232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.265232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.265232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.265232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.265232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.265232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10765.160101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10765.160101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10765.160101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10765.160101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10765.160101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10765.160101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        50347                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        109462                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        50363                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.173461                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972605257300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       109063                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       109063                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       109063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       109063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       109063                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       109063                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        50552                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        50552                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        50552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        50552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        50552                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        50552                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1027083855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1027083855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1027083855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1027083855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1027083855                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1027083855                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       159615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       159615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       159615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       159615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       159615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       159615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.316712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.316712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.316712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.316712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.316712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.316712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20317.373299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20317.373299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20317.373299                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20317.373299                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20317.373299                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20317.373299                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          168                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          168                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        50552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        50552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        50552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    873090859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    873090859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    873090859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    873090859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    873090859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    873090859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.316712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.316712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.316712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.316712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.316712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.316712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17271.143753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17271.143753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17271.143753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17271.143753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17271.143753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17271.143753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       778631                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999989                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         48217                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       778647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.061924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        47794                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        47794                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        47794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        47794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        47794                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        47794                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       778874                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       778874                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       778874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       778874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       778874                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       778874                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13426396633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13426396633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13426396633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  13426396633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13426396633                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  13426396633                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       826668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       826668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       826668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       826668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       826668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       826668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.942185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.942185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.942185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.942185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.942185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.942185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17238.213925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17238.213925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17238.213925                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17238.213925                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17238.213925                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17238.213925                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          364                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          364                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       778874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       778874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       778874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       778874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       778874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       778874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11054896107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11054896107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11054896107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11054896107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11054896107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11054896107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.942185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.942185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.942185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.942185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.942185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.942185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14193.433222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14193.433222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14193.433222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14193.433222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14193.433222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14193.433222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1511174                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               254.824238                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                27921198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1511430                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 18.473365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   254.824238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.995407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.995407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     17221249                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       17221249                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     10668370                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      10668370                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     27889619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        27889619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     27889619                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       27889619                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1861168                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1861168                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       318316                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       318316                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2179484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2179484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2179484                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2179484                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39542372322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39542372322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7520612441                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7520612441                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47062984763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  47062984763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47062984763                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  47062984763                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19082417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19082417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10986686                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10986686                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     30069103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     30069103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     30069103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     30069103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.097533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.097533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028973                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028973                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.072483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.072483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21245.998385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21245.998385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23626.247003                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23626.247003                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21593.636275                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21593.636275                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21593.636275                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21593.636275                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       948023                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           948023                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       630747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       630747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         4470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       635217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       635217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       635217                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       635217                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1230421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1230421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       313846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       313846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1544267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1544267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1544267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1544267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  20642691456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20642691456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6344372634                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6344372634                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26987064090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26987064090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26987064090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26987064090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3528471979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3528471979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5136832040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5136832040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8665304019                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8665304019                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028566                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028566                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.051357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.051357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16776.933632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16776.933632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20214.922714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20214.922714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17475.646433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17475.646433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17475.646433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17475.646433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               251638053                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        17720592                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17720592                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2434162                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     15284322                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits         9253611                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    126014968                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              84618384                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           17720592                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      9253611                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             28351408                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        8554993                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            796278                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      54880685                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       168104                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       163337                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         14035052                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1666545                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          29879                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    216336985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.764503                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.192968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       188804527     87.27%     87.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         2640507      1.22%     88.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1296020      0.60%     89.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2081622      0.96%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         1724290      0.80%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1954141      0.90%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1980816      0.92%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1480378      0.68%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        14374684      6.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    216336985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.070421                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.336270                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       124352612                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     59167153                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         26340349                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       514703                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       5962168                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     161854377                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          171                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       5962168                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       125989241                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        7878631                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     48288437                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         25219783                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      2998725                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     156815503                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        14667                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        245848                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      1567929                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7512                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    172336772                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    391277229                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    388329471                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      2947758                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    129775829                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        42560932                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1034670                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1057647                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         10991825                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     23186965                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     14012825                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1908661                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1141960                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         149787741                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1314745                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        141089136                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       344520                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     30979024                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42442421                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       353571                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    216336985                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.652173                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.395244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    161335711     74.58%     74.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19534902      9.03%     83.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12925005      5.97%     89.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8218387      3.80%     93.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6155613      2.85%     96.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4230029      1.96%     98.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2530926      1.17%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1160386      0.54%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       246026      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    216336985                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         254414     31.08%     31.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     31.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     31.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        27195      3.32%     34.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     34.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     34.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     34.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     34.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     34.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     34.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     34.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     34.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     34.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     34.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     34.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     34.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     34.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     34.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     34.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        309281     37.78%     72.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       227737     27.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1225316      0.87%      0.87% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    104207182     73.86%     74.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.73% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       795844      0.56%     75.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21847539     15.48%     90.78% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     13013255      9.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     141089136                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.560683                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             818627                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005802                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    497966164                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180565265                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    136039773                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1977574                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1544862                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       896070                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     139683731                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         998716                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2076732                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5281539                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        29161                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        29648                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2989367                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        46235                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       5962168                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        6210942                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       101578                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    151102486                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1277692                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23186965                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     14012825                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1186805                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         46181                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         6707                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        29648                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       970116                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1731569                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2701685                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138635332                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     21226373                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2453804                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            33960989                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        13962188                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          12734616                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.550932                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             137170764                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            136935843                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         88310626                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        137493385                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.544178                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.642290                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     34218450                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       961174                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2448377                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    210476963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.554473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.510323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171127669     81.30%     81.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14148241      6.72%     88.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      6956225      3.30%     91.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7040458      3.35%     94.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3565126      1.69%     96.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1491010      0.71%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1188382      0.56%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1002900      0.48%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3956952      1.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    210476963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     60592765                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     116703827                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              28928880                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             17905423                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             100740                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          12205197                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            693725                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        115565900                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      3956952                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           357168854                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          307821367                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                2078991                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               35301068                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59818528585                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           60592765                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            116703827                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     60592765                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.152939                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.152939                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.240793                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.240793                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       272011432                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      148090788                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          1600937                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          847088                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       63939131                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        979828                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          588057                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       257648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        65424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       811034760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       138345081                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          950296754                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    811034760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     811034760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet       510688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     92044273                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        95516369                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            19120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        32206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         8178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        101379345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         21719710                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           123159282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           18075                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        13516605                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           13580952                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              29397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           40543783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            6915897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              47505517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      40543783                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         40543783                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             25529                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           4601311                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              4774882                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             54926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        12880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          40543783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          11517208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             52280399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      374697                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      297328                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      3617                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      4292                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 2713                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 4287                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 268757                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     7909                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                     672025                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          395                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  149849                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  118908                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           181                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           215                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               6802                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60072369946                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  76010839                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   146856385                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           145628401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               484528                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      9953032                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  145628401                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      484528                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         372574441                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        164755320                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             807830                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            394901                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    35291392                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  21740447                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 13550945                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59900659660.161316                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             171710285.838681                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.002858                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.997142                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
