
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  97867                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   174492                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               53306446                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491240                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536146                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        955925                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        81920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        81728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              306752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        80320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            80320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4793                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1255                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1255                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    280517195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15340784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5917160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    465921528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    279859733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1050405403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    465921528                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         466140683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        275038343                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             275038343                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        275038343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    280517195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15340784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5917160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    465921528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    279859733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1325443746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1281                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.641655                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598615095000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.641655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.540103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.540103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1280                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1300                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1300                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       804000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       804000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    237168840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    237168840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    237972840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    237972840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    237972840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    237972840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        40200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        40200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 185288.156250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 185288.156250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 183056.030769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183056.030769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 183056.030769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183056.030769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1455400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 168                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8663.095238                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1261                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1261                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       559800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       559800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    221795160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    221795160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    222354960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    222354960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    222354960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    222354960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        27990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        27990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173277.468750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173277.468750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171042.276923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171042.276923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171042.276923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171042.276923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           20                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        81920                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           20                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           267                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1816.885697                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           267                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.378277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           88.568314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.935077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    30.129387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.223887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1165.087757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    511.941409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.021623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.284445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.124986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.443576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2420                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2078                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          549                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5149                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             678                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  678                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           93                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   93                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2420                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          102                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2078                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          642                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5242                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2157                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          970                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3238                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2157                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1283                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3552                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7900819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2945562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223291689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103618171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      337756241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32724197                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32724197                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7900819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2945562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223291689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    136342368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       370480438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7900819                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2945562                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223291689                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    136342368                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      370480438                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          678                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              678                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          406                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              407                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.209302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.509327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.638578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.386074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.770936                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.771499                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.209302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.509327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.403912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.209302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.509327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.403912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 109733.597222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109094.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103519.559110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106822.856701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104310.142372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104550.150160                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104217.187898                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 109733.597222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109094.888889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103519.559110                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106268.408418                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104301.925113                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 109733.597222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109094.888889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103519.559110                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106268.408418                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104301.925113                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  17                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       17                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3539                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7504885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2796762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211380193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98303452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    319985292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30987297                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30987297                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7504885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2796762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211380193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129290749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    350972589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7504885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2796762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211380193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129290749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    350972589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3187847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3187847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7060536                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7060536                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10248383                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10248383                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.209302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.509327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.638578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.770936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.209302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.509327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.402433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.209302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.509327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.402433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104234.513889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103583.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97997.307835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101343.764948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99189.489151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99000.948882                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99000.948882                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104234.513889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103583.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97997.307835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100772.212783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99172.814072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104234.513889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103583.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97997.307835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100772.212783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99172.814072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1782.114935                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.628605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    32.089531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.225181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1193.799574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    534.372181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     36                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              17                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   17                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      36                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           30                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     36                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          966                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3202                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1278                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3515                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7228985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2705262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203703974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94884217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      308522438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29842731                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29842731                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7228985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2705262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203703974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124726948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       338365169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7228985                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2705262                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203703974                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124726948                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      338365169                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           17                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               17                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.988882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.989862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.989862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103271.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100194.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95770.556653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98223.827122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96353.041224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95649.778846                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95344.188498                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103271.214286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100194.888889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95770.556653                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97595.420970                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96263.205974                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103271.214286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100194.888889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95770.556653                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97595.420970                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96263.205974                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6257532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2329959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173830686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81412274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    263830451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25410407                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25410407                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6257532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2329959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173830686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106822681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    289240858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6257532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2329959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173830686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106822681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    289240858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2837882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2837882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9154382                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9154382                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.986201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89393.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86294.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81725.757405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84277.716356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82705.470533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81443.612179                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81443.612179                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89393.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86294.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81725.757405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83585.822379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82593.049115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89393.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86294.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81725.757405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83585.822379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82593.049115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3723                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               426.452454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.927478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598734070194                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.171939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   426.280515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.832579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.832915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25479                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25488                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25479                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25488                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4963                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4964                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4963                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4964                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319381289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    319381289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319381289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    319381289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319381289                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    319381289                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.163031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.163011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.163031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.163011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.163031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.163011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64352.466049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64339.502216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64352.466049                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64339.502216                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64352.466049                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64339.502216                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          728                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          728                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    247883718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    247883718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    247883718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    247883718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    247883718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    247883718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58532.164817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58532.164817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58532.164817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58532.164817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58532.164817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58532.164817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          116                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.072092                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           247                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          116                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.129310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598747313000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.135111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.936981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.683561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.692006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          423                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          423                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          423                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          423                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          132                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          132                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4520957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4520957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4520957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4520957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4520957                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4520957                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.233696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.237838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.233696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.237838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.233696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.237838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35046.178295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34249.674242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35046.178295                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34249.674242                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35046.178295                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34249.674242                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4105684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4105684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4105684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4105684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4105684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4105684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.233696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.233696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.233696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31827.007752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31827.007752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31827.007752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31827.007752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31827.007752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31827.007752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2483                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.904479                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           676                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.272251                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598620303300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.824821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.079658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.931530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          747                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          747                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          747                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          747                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2493                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2500                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2493                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2500                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36918132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36918132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36918132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     36918132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36918132                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     36918132                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.769941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.769941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.769941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14808.717208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14767.252800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14808.717208                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14767.252800                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14808.717208                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14767.252800                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29223581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29223581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29223581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     29223581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29223581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     29223581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.767786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.767786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.769444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.767786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11722.254713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11722.254713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11722.254713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11722.254713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11722.254713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11722.254713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1425                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               372.373564                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   31327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 21.983860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.433747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   371.939817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.726445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.727292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32164                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          32164                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17340                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17341                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49504                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49505                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2741                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2742                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          421                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          422                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3162                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3164                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    217734008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    217734008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36922536                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36922536                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    254656544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    254656544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    254656544                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    254656544                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17761                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17763                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.078527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.078554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023704                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023757                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79435.975192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79407.005106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87701.985748                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87494.161137                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80536.541429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80485.633375                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80536.541429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80485.633375                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          678                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              678                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1235                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1235                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112563507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112563507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34409479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34409479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146972986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    146972986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146972986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    146972986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3326247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3326247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7328631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7328631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10654878                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10654878                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022972                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022969                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74103.691244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74103.691244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84336.958333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84336.958333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76270.361183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76270.361183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76270.361183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76270.361183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44637                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44637                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6980                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32155                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17561                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       202157                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                213419                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44637                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17561                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                63085                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          28042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4586                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        162438                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          250                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          371                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30442                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4233                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             71                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       453660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.875956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.351508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          391956     86.40%     86.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2780      0.61%     87.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2523      0.56%     87.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3292      0.73%     88.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4924      1.09%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3713      0.82%     90.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5809      1.28%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2735      0.60%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35928      7.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       453660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050901                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.243367                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          200268                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       173286                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57088                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2242                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20773                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        381568                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20773                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          205507                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         108995                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        50563                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54084                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13735                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        362317                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2793                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         9234                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          124                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       399791                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       905261                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       905103                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          158                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       243536                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          156129                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1062                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1062                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36980                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        48112                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27592                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3097                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1395                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            336654                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1754                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           298680                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1838                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       112797                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       168498                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          863                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       453660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.658379                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.430760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       342668     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        37130      8.18%     83.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23805      5.25%     88.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18031      3.97%     92.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12847      2.83%     95.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9863      2.17%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6549      1.44%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2286      0.50%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          481      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       453660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            714     46.70%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           430     28.12%     74.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          385     25.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3275      1.10%      1.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       229738     76.92%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        42181     14.12%     92.14% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23476      7.86%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        298680                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.340592                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1529                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005119                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1055361                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       451300                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       284519                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           60                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           78                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           18                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        296904                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             30                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5026                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18442                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          136                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          183                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9778                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           27                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20773                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          93482                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          992                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       338408                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5254                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        48112                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27592                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1363                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           523                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           43                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          183                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1482                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6661                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8143                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       289895                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        40013                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8784                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               62387                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29665                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22374                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.330575                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                285327                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               284537                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           187134                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           297179                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.324465                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629701                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       122220                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7026                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       432976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.499076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.427482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       358607     82.82%     82.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27631      6.38%     89.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13740      3.17%     92.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11680      2.70%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6870      1.59%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3454      0.80%     97.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1999      0.46%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2767      0.64%     98.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6228      1.44%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       432976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117469                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        216088                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47450                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29641                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23948                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           214177                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6228                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              764913                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             697664                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2770                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 423283                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117469                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               216088                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117469                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.465314                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.465314                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.133953                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.133953                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          561654                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         310889                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               27                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         127342                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.002286                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5002286176530                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               12601349330040                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  27734                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    48830                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              262750044                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4712176                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 19038.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   528006549                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     929625565                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      2990080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1292672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       242176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     17865472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     93275136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           115667200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     17865472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       17865472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     54036800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         54036800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3784                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       279148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1457424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              1807300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         844325                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              844325                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       597743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       258416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        48413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      3571461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     18646501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               23122867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      3571461                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           3571461                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         10802421                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              10802421                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         10802421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       597743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       258416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        48413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      3571461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     18646501                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              33925288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    47485                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   13.978882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         15                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    47498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.000316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.982842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         4.996041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.561428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.312253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.873680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet              5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                 5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet               7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                  7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet              7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                 7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          730                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             756                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           34                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          46754                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet            60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            47510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47450                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet           60                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           47510                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     30436000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      1219218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31655218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8418275160                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      2557000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8420832160                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8448711160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      3776218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   8452487378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8448711160                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      3776218                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   8452487378                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           36                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        46756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet           67                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          47517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet           67                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         47517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.838710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.993430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.944444                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999957                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.895522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.895522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41693.150685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet        46893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41871.981481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180185.684075                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 75205.882353                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180109.341661                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178055.029715                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62936.966667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177909.648032                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178055.029715                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62936.966667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177909.648032                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     55102700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                5364                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10272.688292                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          46745                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               46745                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           34                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        46754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet           60                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        47510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet           60                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     21556600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet       895900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22452500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   7855340760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2139000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7857479760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   7876897360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      3034900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7879932260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   7876897360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      3034900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7879932260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.838710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999957                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.895522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.895522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999853                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29529.589041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 34457.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29699.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168136.574486                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 62911.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168060.053899                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166004.159326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50581.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165858.393180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166004.159326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50581.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165858.393180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          730                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2990080                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          730                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       5803078                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4057.540429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        19558340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       5807108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          3.368000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7625782886600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          678.868358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.002393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.001167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    35.161686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    12.912569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1422.893968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1907.700288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.165739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.347386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.465747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.990610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6807649                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       645643                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3222815                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5008728                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               15684835                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         4989306                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              4989306                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       261641                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              261641                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1007323                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1007323                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6807649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       645643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3222815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      6016051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                16692158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6807649                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       645643                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3222815                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6016051                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               16692158                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       119219                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41908                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1348895                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3167079                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              4677101                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3619                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3619                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1112039                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1112039                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       119219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1348895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4279118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               5789140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       119219                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41908                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1348895                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4279118                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              5789140                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4237638106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1242349910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  52034442393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 135936070242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   193450500651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     90766836                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     90766836                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  75560791311                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  75560791311                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4237638106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1242349910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  52034442393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 211496861553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    269011291962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4237638106                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1242349910                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  52034442393                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 211496861553                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   269011291962                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6926868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       687551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4571710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8175807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           20361936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      4989306                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          4989306                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       265260                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          265260                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2119362                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          2119362                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6926868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       687551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4571710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10295169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            22481298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6926868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       687551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4571710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10295169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           22481298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.295053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.387372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.229698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013643                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.013643                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.524705                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.524705                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.295053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.415643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.257509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.295053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.415643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.257509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35544.989523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29644.695762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38575.606250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42921.591233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41361.198027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25080.639956                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25080.639956                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67947.968831                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67947.968831                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35544.989523                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29644.695762                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38575.606250                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49425.339884                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46468.265055                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35544.989523                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29644.695762                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38575.606250                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49425.339884                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46468.265055                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             2147950                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  2147950                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                43                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       119214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1348890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3167064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4677058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3619                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3619                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1112039                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1112039                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       119214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1348890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4279103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          5789097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       119214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1348890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4279103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         5789097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3588572269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1010666400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  44404348036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 118222929422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 167226516127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    296453372                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    296453372                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  69337039712                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  69337039712                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3588572269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1010666400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  44404348036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 187559969134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 236563555839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3588572269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1010666400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  44404348036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 187559969134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 236563555839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     98224285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     98224285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    299960504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    299960504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    398184789                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    398184789                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.295052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.387370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013643                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013643                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.524705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.524705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.295052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.415642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.257507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.295052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.415642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.257507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30101.936593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24126.674624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32919.176535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37328.872868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35754.638092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81915.825366                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81915.825366                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62351.266198                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62351.266198                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30101.936593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24126.674624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32919.176535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43831.608899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40863.636564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30101.936593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24126.674624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32919.176535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43831.608899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40863.636564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       1734068                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32546.318030                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         5063717                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       1766629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.866316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7625616648185                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10315.272875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.033400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.021475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   409.803884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   129.203574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5513.438602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  16178.540913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.314797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.168257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.493730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.993235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        99016                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38106                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1069741                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2353735                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                3560598                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         2147950                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              2147950                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          599                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 599                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       467644                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               467644                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        99016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1069741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      2821379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 4028242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        99016                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38106                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1069741                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2821379                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                4028242                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20198                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3784                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       279149                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       813329                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              1116460                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3111                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3111                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       644304                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             644304                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       279149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1457633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               1760764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20198                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3784                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       279149                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1457633                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              1760764                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1882549621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    359126465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  26097985616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  76067110936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   104406772638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     19191939                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     19191939                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  59848669359                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  59848669359                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1882549621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    359126465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  26097985616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 135915780295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    164255441997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1882549621                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    359126465                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  26097985616                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 135915780295                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   164255441997                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       119214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1348890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3167064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            4677058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2147950                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          2147950                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3710                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            3710                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1111948                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1111948                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       119214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1348890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4279012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             5789006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       119214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1348890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4279012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            5789006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.169426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.206947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.256809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.238710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.838544                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.838544                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.579437                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.579437                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.169426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.206947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.340647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.304157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.169426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.206947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.340647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.304157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93204.753986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94906.571089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93491.238070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93525.634689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93515.909784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  6169.057859                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6169.057859                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92888.868235                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92888.868235                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93204.753986                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94906.571089                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93491.238070                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93244.170717                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93286.460876                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93204.753986                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94906.571089                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93491.238070                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93244.170717                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93286.460876                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              797580                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   797580                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       279149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       813329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1116460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3111                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3111                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       644304                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        644304                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       279149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1457633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          1760764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        20198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       279149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1457633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         1760764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1599115271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    306250360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22162009558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  64602200574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  88669575763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    243494777                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    243494777                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  50600311000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  50600311000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1599115271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    306250360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22162009558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 115202511574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 139269886763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1599115271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    306250360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22162009558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 115202511574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 139269886763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     87702844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     87702844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    264097656                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    264097656                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    351800500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    351800500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.169426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.206947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.256809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.838544                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.838544                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.579437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.579437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.169426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.206947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.340647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.304157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.169426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.206947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.340647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79171.961135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80932.970402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79391.327062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79429.358321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79420.288916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78268.973642                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78268.973642                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78534.839144                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78534.839144                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79171.961135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80932.970402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79391.327062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79033.962303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79096.282502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79171.961135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80932.970402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79391.327062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79033.962303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79096.282502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          464                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                          708                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                          8                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                          8                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                     7                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    1874                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        16                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        1172                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                             3                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                      742                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     1132                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  13                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               4571724                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999827                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               119714210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               4572236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 26.182859                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    119708490                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      119708490                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    119708490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       119708490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    119708490                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      119708490                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4931546                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      4931546                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4931546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       4931546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4931546                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      4931546                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 117470787778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 117470787778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 117470787778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 117470787778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 117470787778                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 117470787778                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    124640036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    124640036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    124640036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    124640036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    124640036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    124640036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.039566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.039566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.039566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.039566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23820.276193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23820.276193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23820.276193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23820.276193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23820.276193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23820.276193                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2564167                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets             63                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40701.063492                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       359799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       359799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       359799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       359799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       359799                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       359799                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4571747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4571747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4571747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4571747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4571747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4571747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  89794181948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  89794181948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  89794181948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  89794181948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  89794181948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  89794181948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.036680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19641.109175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19641.109175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19641.109175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19641.109175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19641.109175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19641.109175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       687638                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.102453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       2336858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       687653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.398310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.102453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.943903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.943903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2336650                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      2336650                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2336650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      2336650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2336650                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      2336650                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       687855                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       687855                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       687855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       687855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       687855                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       687855                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  10786352155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10786352155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  10786352155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  10786352155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  10786352155                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  10786352155                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3024505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3024505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3024505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      3024505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3024505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      3024505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.227427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.227427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.227427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15681.142327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15681.142327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15681.142327                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15681.142327                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15681.142327                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15681.142327                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          116                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          116                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       687855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       687855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       687855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       687855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       687855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       687855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8615170763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8615170763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8615170763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8615170763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8615170763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8615170763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12524.690179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12524.690179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12524.690179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12524.690179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12524.690179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12524.690179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      6929241                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.471827                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      13546039                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      6929257                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.954905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.471827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.966989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     13545576                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     13545576                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     13545576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     13545576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     13545576                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     13545576                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6932851                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      6932851                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6932851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      6932851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6932851                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      6932851                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  87881983132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  87881983132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  87881983132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  87881983132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  87881983132                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  87881983132                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20478427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20478427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20478427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     20478427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20478427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     20478427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.338544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.338544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.338544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12676.167876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12676.167876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12676.167876                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12676.167876                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12676.167876                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12676.167876                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2990                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2990                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6932851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6932851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6932851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6932851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6932851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6932851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  66220620350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  66220620350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  66220620350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  66220620350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  66220620350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  66220620350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9551.715499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9551.715499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9551.715499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9551.715499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9551.715499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9551.715499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              10295167                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.835995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               242981095                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              10295679                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 23.600298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.835995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    175705605                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      175705605                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     66958739                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      66958739                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    242664344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       242664344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    242664344                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      242664344                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     13782224                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     13782224                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2393796                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2393796                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     16176020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      16176020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     16176020                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     16176020                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 467334894001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 467334894001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102147220050                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 102147220050                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 569482114051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 569482114051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 569482114051                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 569482114051                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    189487829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    189487829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     69352535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     69352535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    258840364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    258840364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    258840364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    258840364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.072734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034516                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034516                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.062494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.062494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33908.525504                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33908.525504                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42671.647897                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42671.647897                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35205.329497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35205.329497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35205.329497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35205.329497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      4986200                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          4986200                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      5603347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      5603347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        13963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        13963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      5617310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      5617310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      5617310                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      5617310                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8178877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      8178877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2379833                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2379833                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10558710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     10558710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10558710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     10558710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 198446579606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 198446579606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  92826531645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  92826531645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 291273111251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 291273111251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 291273111251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 291273111251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    102447054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    102447054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    313220670                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    313220670                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    415667724                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    415667724                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043163                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043163                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034315                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034315                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24263.304070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24263.304070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39005.481328                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39005.481328                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27586.050877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27586.050877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27586.050877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27586.050877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              1558925368                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       154978536                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    154978536                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     15827581                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    109840763                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        87393914                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    489408361                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             833045588                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          154978536                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     87393914                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            247385756                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       82347574                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          21995038                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     513221930                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        41270                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       476517                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          420                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        124640090                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      7960147                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes         310107                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1338774675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.101092                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.552870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      1095875410     81.86%     81.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        14854278      1.11%     82.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        15581454      1.16%     84.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        19720261      1.47%     85.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        17349426      1.30%     86.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        19038735      1.42%     88.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        15311622      1.14%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        15873248      1.19%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       125170241      9.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1338774675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.099414                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.534372                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       508984983                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    526180708                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        227214419                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     10149182                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      66245383                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1440132043                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          552                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      66245383                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       529543320                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      427686545                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15568395                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        215280935                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     84450097                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1402017240                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       794424                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      15795274                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     63486480                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       576002                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1581000285                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   3521036790                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3508132827                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     12903963                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1046518180                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       534482129                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       338928                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       341841                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        183834684                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    254780804                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    102745793                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     16210126                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     10779181                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1341723973                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       637789                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1186282576                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      3643175                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    408277113                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    595027322                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       226412                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1338774675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.886096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.529472                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    866554103     64.73%     64.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    166938976     12.47%     77.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    116467392      8.70%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     72707585      5.43%     91.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     52077816      3.89%     95.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     34684995      2.59%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     20197291      1.51%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7806060      0.58%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1340457      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1338774675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        2435274     40.89%     40.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     40.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     40.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         9489      0.16%     41.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     41.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     41.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     41.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     41.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     41.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       2198165     36.91%     77.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      1312880     22.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      8947235      0.75%      0.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    867820231     73.15%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1995493      0.17%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    220099728     18.55%     92.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     87419889      7.37%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1186282576                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.760962                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            5955808                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005021                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   3718512888                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1744424202                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1148920437                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7881068                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      6419822                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3694113                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1179365023                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        3926126                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     25020276                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     82786693                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       214277                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       215851                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     33392634                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       126608                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          297                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      66245383                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      318767079                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      6330143                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1342361762                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      8019510                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    254780804                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    102745793                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       473067                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       2649284                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       543031                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       215851                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     10332064                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      6780969                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     17113033                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1168185582                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    214653106                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     18096994                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           300449430                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       114175796                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          85796324                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.749353                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1155939785                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1152614550                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        809782939                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1256146192                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.739365                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644657                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    426568750                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       411377                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     15882437                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1272559854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.720006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.785398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    991923750     77.95%     77.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     96001615      7.54%     85.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     42501204      3.34%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     52878777      4.16%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     19747288      1.55%     94.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     11423910      0.90%     95.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      8925007      0.70%     96.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      6314970      0.50%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     42843333      3.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1272559854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    520924067                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     916250552                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             241347309                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            171994127                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars              83943                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          97015855                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           3036539                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        909858966                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     42843333                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          2572431900                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         2752178222                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                4513952                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              220150693                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         13461788671                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          520924067                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            916250552                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    520924067                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.992615                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.992615                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.334156                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.334156                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2276506735                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1292131875                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          3738679                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         2572579                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      549317495                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        327534                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            1028                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        92000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        47232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        63316752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        11040760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           74500212                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     63316752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      63316752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1249280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet          784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      7770998                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total         9021062                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        11500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         5904                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          7914594                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1663610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total             9595948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              33                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1041125                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1060678                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        18392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         9442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           12657563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            2207143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              14893233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      12657563                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         12657563                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       249742                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               157                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           1553489                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              1803388                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       250230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        18392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         9442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          12657563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           3760632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             16696621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          305                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1249280                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          305                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                         708                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         464                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                         8                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                         8                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    2                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    7                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   1874                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       16                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       1172                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                            3                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    1132                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     742                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 12                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    15021880546                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   6007430                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    11469572                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            11422835                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 5040                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       822966                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   11422835                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        5040                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          29085276                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         13143116                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               7863                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              3524                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     2709721                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1665897                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1043824                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             15008501061.869862                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             13379484.130137                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.000891                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.999109                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
