
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 144572                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   255360                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               78296299                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489264                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      680212                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1201473                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       195264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              274816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          74624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4294                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8860258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    202396082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    530051885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              745998949                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    202396082                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         202569812                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8860258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    202396082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    530051885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             745998949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          2052                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1595.272745                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            2640                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          2052                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.286550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          238.668598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.210401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.778380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.189726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.364187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    26.968299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.536659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    428.488784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    895.067712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.058269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.104612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.218522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.389471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2908                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          224                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          552                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          987                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4674                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1289                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1289                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           48                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  48                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         1138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2908                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          224                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          552                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         1138                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4825                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1339                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2465                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3911                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          714                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                715                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           79                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1339                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3179                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4626                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5796157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1830590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    124327966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    243624789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      375579502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       807453                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       807453                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73681247                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73681247                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5796157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1830590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    124327966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    317306036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       449260749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5796157                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1830590                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    124327966                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    317306036                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      449260749                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1289                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1289                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           76                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              76                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          865                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              866                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                9451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               9451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.708091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.714079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.455562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.368421                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.368421                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.825434                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.825635                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.708091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.736391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.489472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.708091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.736391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.489472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 73369.075949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96346.842105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 92851.356236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98833.585801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96031.578113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28837.607143                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28837.607143                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103195.023810                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103050.695105                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 73369.075949                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96346.842105                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 92851.356236                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99813.160113                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97116.461089                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 73369.075949                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96346.842105                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 92851.356236                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99813.160113                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97116.461089                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 315                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      315                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          714                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           714                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           79                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5363391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1726186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    116907911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    229961879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    353959367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1382557                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1382557                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69764132                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69764132                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5363391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1726186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    116907911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    299726011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    423723499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5363391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1726186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    116907911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    299726011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    423723499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.708091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.714079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.368421                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.368421                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.825434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.824480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.708091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.736391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.488414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.708091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.736391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.488414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 67891.025316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 90851.894737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87309.866318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93290.823124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90712.292927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49377.035714                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49377.035714                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97708.868347                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97708.868347                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 67891.025316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 90851.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87309.866318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94283.111356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91794.518847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 67891.025316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 90851.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87309.866318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94283.111356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91794.518847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      2043.554210                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           85.724409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.332012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    33.286971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.390666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    545.583323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1367.236859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.002616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.001016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.041725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.062364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          174                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          122                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    326                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             315                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  315                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          174                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    331                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1165                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2343                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3585                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                710                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1165                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3052                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4295                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4752991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1637986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110089431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    220083523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      336563931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67260263                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67260263                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4752991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1637986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110089431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    287343786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       403824194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4752991                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1637986                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110089431                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    287343786                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      403824194                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          315                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              315                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          714                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              715                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           79                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.645570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.894737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.870052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.950507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.916645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.428571                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992997                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.993007                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.645570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.894737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.870052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.960050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.928448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.645570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.894737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.870052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.960050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.928448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93195.901961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96352.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94497.365665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93932.361502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93881.152301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94866.379408                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94732.764789                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93195.901961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96352.117647                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94497.365665                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94149.340105                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94021.931083                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93195.901961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96352.117647                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94497.365665                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94149.340105                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94021.931083                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4039803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1401637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93720286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    187117622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    286279348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       940800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       940800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57219908                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57219908                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4039803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1401637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93720286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244337530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    343499256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4039803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1401637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93720286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244337530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    343499256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.645570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.894737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.870052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.950507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.914344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.645570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.894737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.870052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.960050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.926286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.645570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.894737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.870052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.960050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.926286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79211.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82449.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80446.597425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79862.408024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80055.746085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80705.088858                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80705.088858                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79211.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82449.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80446.597425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80058.168414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80163.186931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79211.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82449.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80446.597425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80058.168414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80163.186931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1389                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               335.715609                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   21192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 15.257019                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.708652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   335.006957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.654310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.655695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31331                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31349                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31331                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31349                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2256                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2257                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          2257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2256                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         2257                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    167800068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    167800068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    167800068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    167800068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    167800068                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    167800068                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        33606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        33606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.067161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.067161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74379.462766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74346.507754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74379.462766                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74346.507754                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74379.462766                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74346.507754                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          365                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          365                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    132882225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    132882225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    132882225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132882225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    132882225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    132882225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056270                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056270                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70270.875198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70270.875198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70270.875198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70270.875198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70270.875198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70270.875198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          234                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.618507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           907                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.876068                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019268578000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.851559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.766948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.053222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.610434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.663657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1144                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1144                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1144                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1144                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          271                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          275                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          271                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          275                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4984125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4984125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4984125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4984125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4984125                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4984125                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.191519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.193798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.191519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.193798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.191519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.193798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18391.605166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18124.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18391.605166                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18124.090909                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18391.605166                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18124.090909                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4124851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4124851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4124851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4124851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4124851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4124851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.191519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.191519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.191519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15220.852399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15220.852399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15220.852399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15220.852399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15220.852399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15220.852399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         3007                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.271481                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          1947                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         3007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.647489                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019126197300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.673025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.598455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.042064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.849903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.891968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2170                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2173                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2170                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2173                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3052                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         3057                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         3057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3052                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         3057                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37266437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     37266437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37266437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     37266437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37266437                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     37266437                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         5230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         5230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.584450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.584512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.584450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.584512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.584450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.584512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12210.497051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12190.525679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12210.497051                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12190.525679                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12210.497051                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12190.525679                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           14                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           14                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27784185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27784185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27784185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27784185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27784185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27784185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.584450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.583556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.584450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.583556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.584450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.583556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9103.599279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9103.599279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9103.599279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9103.599279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9103.599279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9103.599279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3807                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               456.083479                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   56578                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3807                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 14.861571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5019301485300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.309299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   455.774180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.890184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.890788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44196                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          44199                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21853                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21853                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        66049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           66052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        66049                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          66052                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8204                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8206                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          942                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          943                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         9146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          9149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         9146                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         9149                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    711338170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    711338170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81600857                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81600857                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    792939027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    792939027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    792939027                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    792939027                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.156565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.156588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041325                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041367                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.121630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.121661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.121630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.121661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86706.261580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86685.129174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86625.113588                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86533.252386                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86697.903674                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86669.475025                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86697.903674                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86669.475025                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1275                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1275                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    258129020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    258129020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77977484                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77977484                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    336106504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    336106504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    336106504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    336106504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041193                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041191                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74755.001448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74755.001448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83043.113951                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83043.113951                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76526.981785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76526.981785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76526.981785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76526.981785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           56587                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        56587                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6241                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35648                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           23892                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       158624                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                263935                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              56587                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        23892                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                83090                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          31041                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              5930                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        487647                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1673                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            33587                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2862                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             84                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       761214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.636098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.027131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          680131     89.35%     89.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            8910      1.17%     90.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5158      0.68%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3702      0.49%     91.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5684      0.75%     92.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5351      0.70%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5128      0.67%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3584      0.47%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           43566      5.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       761214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051153                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.238588                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          163148                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       495453                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            73564                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4797                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         24250                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        466770                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            2                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         24250                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          172802                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         398259                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        64734                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            68654                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        32513                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        445317                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          429                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8639                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        19559                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          253                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       533299                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1164860                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1164860                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       328458                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          204703                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2126                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2119                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            76757                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        66644                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30422                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1997                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          971                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            420683                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2164                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           367939                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2418                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       143021                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       228581                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          687                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       761214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.204306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       611186     80.29%     80.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        57382      7.54%     87.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34402      4.52%     92.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22558      2.96%     95.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16402      2.15%     97.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10197      1.34%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6543      0.86%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2124      0.28%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          420      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       761214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            762     32.68%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     32.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           859     36.84%     69.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          711     30.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3008      0.82%      0.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       277322     75.37%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        59571     16.19%     92.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        28038      7.62%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        367939                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.332604                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2332                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006338                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1503353                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       565983                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       355310                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        367263                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4720                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22656                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           83                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          121                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7627                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          129                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         24250                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         356879                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4082                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       422847                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4271                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        66644                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30422                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2143                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2118                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          121                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1939                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5474                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7413                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       360499                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        57339                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7440                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               84807                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37081                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             27468                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.325879                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                356279                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               355310                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           246199                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           394509                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.321188                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.624064                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       149141                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6467                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       737126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.371098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.305457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       647613     87.86%     87.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        34999      4.75%     92.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13355      1.81%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        14371      1.95%     96.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6963      0.94%     97.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3373      0.46%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2725      0.37%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2159      0.29%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11568      1.57%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       737126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       153762                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        273546                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 66768                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                43973                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30126                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           273168                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11568                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1147303                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             869887                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2240                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 345022                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             153762                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               273546                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       153762                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.194469                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.194469                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.138996                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.138996                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          722135                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         412887                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         168140                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.135988                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1135987860015                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6155755129620                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  66100                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   123476                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               87689830                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4659020                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12954.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   856301756                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1599588603                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3534272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       156736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       969344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     10785024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            15514240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       969344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         969344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11531712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11531712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          392                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2449                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          684                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        15146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       168516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               242410                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         180183                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              180183                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        22085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3111188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       137973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       853305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      9493961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               13657047                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       853305                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            853305                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         10151263                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              10151263                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         10151263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        22085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3111188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       137973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       853305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      9493961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              23808311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   103751                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.478872                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      55138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   103765                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.531374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020596343000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.111118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.367753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.006945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.960485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.967429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18681                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18681                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          8445                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             8445                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           27126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              27126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          27126                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             27126                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103830                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103857                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99074                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         100802                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        202904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           204659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       202904                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          204659                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1086000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4588734432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4589820432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    125334784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6675235000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6800569784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126420784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11263969432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11390390216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126420784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11263969432                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11390390216                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107519                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109247                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       230030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       230030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.921456                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.922698                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.882969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.882969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40222.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44194.687778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44193.655045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72531.703704                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67376.254113                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67464.631495                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72034.634758                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55513.786973                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55655.457204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72034.634758                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55513.786973                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55655.457204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       435300                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  38                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11455.263158                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56765                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56765                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99074                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       100802                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       202904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       202904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       748700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3306551562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3307300262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    104534892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5452008503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5556543395                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    105283592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8758560065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8863843657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    105283592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8758560065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8863843657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.921456                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.922698                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27729.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 31845.820688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31844.750590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60494.729167                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55029.659679                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55123.344725                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59990.650712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43166.029576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43310.304736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59990.650712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43166.029576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43310.304736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      31900487                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3549.896638                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        56887494                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      31903999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.783083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          456.762571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.000389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    56.534639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    36.158523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2377.516575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    622.923942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.111514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.008828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.580448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.152081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.866674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17172203                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4459101                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22432766                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7259672                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               51323742                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         8331508                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              8331508                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1155774                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1155774                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1378208                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1378208                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17172203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4459101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22432766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      8637880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                52701950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17172203                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4459101                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22432766                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      8637880                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               52701950                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       528811                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       317527                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21414411                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6884166                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             29144915                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks             2                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                  2                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        84083                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             84083                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2010606                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            2010606                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       528811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       317527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21414411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      8894772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              31155521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       528811                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       317527                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21414411                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      8894772                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             31155521                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11809586131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6834153359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 472114719665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 170340411314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   661098870469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2205954843                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2205954843                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  58349072276                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  58349072276                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11809586131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6834153359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 472114719665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 228689483590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    719447942745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11809586131                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6834153359                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 472114719665                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 228689483590                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   719447942745                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17701014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4776628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43847177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14143838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           80468657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8331510                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          8331510                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1239857                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1239857                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3388814                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3388814                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17701014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4776628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43847177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17532652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            83857471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17701014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4776628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43847177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17532652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           83857471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.488387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.486725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.362190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000000                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000000                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067817                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.067817                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.593307                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.593307                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.488387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.507326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.371529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.488387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.507326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.371529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22332.338266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21523.062162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22046.589078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24743.797769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22683.163443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26235.444061                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26235.444061                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29020.639686                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29020.639686                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22332.338266                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21523.062162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22046.589078                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25710.550376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23092.149309                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22332.338266                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21523.062162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22046.589078                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25710.550376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23092.149309                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             4464116                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  4464116                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              2875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               2875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1192                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1682                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              2875                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       527619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       315845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21414410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6884166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29142040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        84083                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        84083                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2010606                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2010606                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       527619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       315845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21414410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8894772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         31152646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       527619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       315845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21414410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8894772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        31152646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8963933228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5090924249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 350671275311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 132457011806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 497183144594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3382052029                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3382052029                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47050476580                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  47050476580                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8963933228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5090924249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 350671275311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 179507488386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 544233621174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8963933228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5090924249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 350671275311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 179507488386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 544233621174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10671243610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10671243610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15864946243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15864946243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26536189853                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26536189853                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.488387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.486725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067817                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067817                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.593307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.593307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.488387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.507326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.371495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.488387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.507326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.371495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16989.405666                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16118.425965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16375.481524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19240.821881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17060.684310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40222.780217                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40222.780217                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23401.142034                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23401.142034                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16989.405666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16118.425965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16375.481524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20181.235493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17469.900347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16989.405666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16118.425965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16375.481524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20181.235493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17469.900347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        188169                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32347.681062                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        33301578                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        220643                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        150.929683                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18940.929240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.054336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.015807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   467.249353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   152.202866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5680.492542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   7106.734848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.578031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.173355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.216880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       525170                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       315161                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21399256                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6732038                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               28971625                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         4464118                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              4464118                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        35333                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               35333                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1831126                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1831126                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       525170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       315161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21399256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      8563164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                30802751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       525170                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       315161                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21399256                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      8563164                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               30802751                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2449                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          684                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15154                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       152128                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               170415                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        68772                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             68772                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       159458                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             159458                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       311586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                329873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2449                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          684                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15154                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       311586                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               329873                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    227044411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     63580759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1416880965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9038719490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10746225625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1716133901                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1716133901                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14323168406                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  14323168406                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    227044411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     63580759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1416880965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23361887896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     25069394031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    227044411                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     63580759                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1416880965                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23361887896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    25069394031                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       527619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       315845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     21414410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6884166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           29142040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      4464118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          4464118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       104105                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          104105                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1990584                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1990584                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       527619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       315845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     21414410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8874750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            31132624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       527619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       315845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     21414410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8874750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           31132624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.005848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.660602                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.660602                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.080106                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.080106                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.010596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.010596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92709.028583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92954.326023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93498.809885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59415.225928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63059.153390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24953.962383                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24953.962383                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89824.081614                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89824.081614                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92709.028583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92954.326023                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93498.809885                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74977.334977                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75997.108072                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92709.028583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92954.326023                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93498.809885                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74977.334977                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75997.108072                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              123418                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   123418                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       152128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          170415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        68772                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        68772                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       159458                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        159458                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       311586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           329873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       311586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          329873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    192694708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     53957191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1203140309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6895881669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8345673877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3393329588                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3393329588                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12043602915                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12043602915                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    192694708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     53957191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1203140309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18939484584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20389276792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    192694708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     53957191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1203140309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18939484584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20389276792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9507422497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9507422497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  14126279732                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14126279732                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  23633702229                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  23633702229                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.660602                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660602                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.080106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78683.016742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78884.782164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79394.239739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45329.470374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48972.648399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49341.731926                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49341.731926                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75528.370574                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75528.370574                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78683.016742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78884.782164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79394.239739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60784.132098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61809.474531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78683.016742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78884.782164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79394.239739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60784.132098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61809.474531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                32643419                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         44018                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 20001256                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 12642163                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          22009                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          22009                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               22404                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              43847186                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999939                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               132006920                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              43847698                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.010578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131991537                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      131991537                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131991537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       131991537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131991537                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      131991537                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     48090014                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     48090014                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     48090014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      48090014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     48090014                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     48090014                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1040716675601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1040716675601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1040716675601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 1040716675601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1040716675601                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 1040716675601                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    180081551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    180081551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    180081551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    180081551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    180081551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    180081551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.267046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.267046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.267046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21641.014195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21641.014195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21641.014195                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21641.014195                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21641.014195                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21641.014195                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       338569                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 42321.125000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4242824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4242824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4242824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4242824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4242824                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4242824                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43847190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     43847190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43847190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     43847190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43847190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     43847190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 811934667036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 811934667036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 811934667036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 811934667036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 811934667036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 811934667036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18517.370601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18517.370601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18517.370601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18517.370601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18517.370601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18517.370601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4779080                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.996153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4406394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4779096                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.922014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.996153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4406000                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4406000                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4406000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4406000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4406000                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4406000                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4779790                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4779790                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4779790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4779790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4779790                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4779790                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  81855899203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81855899203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  81855899203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  81855899203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  81855899203                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  81855899203                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9185790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9185790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9185790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      9185790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9185790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      9185790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.520346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.520346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.520346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.520346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.520346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.520346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17125.417477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17125.417477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17125.417477                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17125.417477                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17125.417477                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17125.417477                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        33976                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        33976                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4779790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4779790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4779790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4779790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4779790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4779790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  67181804980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  67181804980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  67181804980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  67181804980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  67181804980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  67181804980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.520346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.520346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.520346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.520346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.520346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.520346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14055.388412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14055.388412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14055.388412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14055.388412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14055.388412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14055.388412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17706411                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.985299                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       5035885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17706427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.284410                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.985299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5035510                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5035510                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5035510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5035510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5035510                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5035510                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17717332                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17717332                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17717332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17717332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17717332                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17717332                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 287192026743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 287192026743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 287192026743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 287192026743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 287192026743                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 287192026743                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22752842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22752842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22752842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     22752842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22752842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     22752842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.778687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.778687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.778687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16209.665583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16209.665583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16209.665583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16209.665583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16209.665583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16209.665583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        16237                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        16237                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17717332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17717332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17717332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17717332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17717332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17717332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 233077274191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 233077274191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 233077274191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 233077274191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 233077274191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 233077274191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.778687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.778687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.778687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.778687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13155.325768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13155.325768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13155.325768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13155.325768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13155.325768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13155.325768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              17493011                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               510.784140                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               279718430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              17493523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.989828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.784140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.997625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    180017170                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      180017170                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98303951                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98303951                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    278321121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       278321121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    278321121                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      278321121                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     21816561                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     21816561                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4655375                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4655375                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     26471936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      26471936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     26471936                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     26471936                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 585298171374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 585298171374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 120088866766                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 120088866766                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 705387038140                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 705387038140                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 705387038140                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 705387038140                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    201833731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    201833731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102959326                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102959326                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304793057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    304793057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304793057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304793057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.108092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045216                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045216                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26828.159185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26828.159185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25795.745083                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25795.745083                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26646.598048                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26646.598048                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26646.598048                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26646.598048                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8281299                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          8281299                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7662797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7662797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        54028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        54028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7716825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      7716825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7716825                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      7716825                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14153764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14153764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4601347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4601347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18755111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18755111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18755111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18755111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 327211440257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 327211440257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102879443777                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 102879443777                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 430090884034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 430090884034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 430090884034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 430090884034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11142024181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11142024181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  16486999996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16486999996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  27629024177                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  27629024177                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044691                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044691                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23118.333770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23118.333770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22358.549307                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22358.549307                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22931.929544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22931.929544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22931.929544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22931.929544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3372940205                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       231690162                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    231690162                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     43033972                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    197212759                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       103779540                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1509760964                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1056575785                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          231690162                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    103779540                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            329681930                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      156130341                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          87694548                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     399374792                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       749568                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2134300                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        180081559                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     30480199                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1220477                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2440926052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.810164                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.251290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2119800485     86.84%     86.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        20093996      0.82%     87.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14717335      0.60%     88.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26497752      1.09%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        22728173      0.93%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        27618560      1.13%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19705962      0.81%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16823208      0.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       172940581      7.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2440926052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.068691                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.313251                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1572511072                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    445795055                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        304846317                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6243714                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     111529894                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1916720375                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1026                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     111529894                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1593265441                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      142158533                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    259515087                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        289376392                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     45080705                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1838263380                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       651939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7255595                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     29493389                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       183652                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1996462561                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4570310738                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4570220466                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        90272                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1204547687                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       791914885                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6241269                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6269788                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        139848419                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    259498128                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    159228098                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     16763175                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     15395885                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1705227181                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      8995250                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1541329322                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7895134                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    569770600                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    760877497                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3299613                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2440926052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.631453                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.406588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1864302254     76.38%     76.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    198410716      8.13%     84.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    124440666      5.10%     89.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     85115681      3.49%     93.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     69719306      2.86%     95.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49176359      2.01%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36571679      1.50%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11013990      0.45%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2175401      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2440926052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4457406     41.97%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4070350     38.33%     80.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2092146     19.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18677460      1.21%      1.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1144824411     74.28%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    236424049     15.34%     90.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    141403402      9.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1541329322                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.456969                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10619902                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006890                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5548776388                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2284417533                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1465532132                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        41115                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        24790                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20303                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1533251199                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20565                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     23232695                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     95006782                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       510178                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       473750                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     56236680                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       200440                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     111529894                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       82438143                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1909403                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1714222431                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29626755                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    259498128                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    159228098                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7951540                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        946107                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        73830                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       473750                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14284664                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33900601                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     48185265                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1495126852                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    225323461                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     46202470                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           361112731                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       158092653                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         135789270                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.443271                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1468428878                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1465552435                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        922154511                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1421191767                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.434503                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.648860                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    629638878                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5695637                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     43282418                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2330302227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.465402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.417148                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1973702423     84.70%     84.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    128090572      5.50%     90.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57721743      2.48%     92.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63020704      2.70%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33371728      1.43%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     15044722      0.65%     97.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     11890555      0.51%     97.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7800362      0.33%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     39659418      1.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2330302227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    586705941                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1084527900                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             267482763                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164491346                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             578067                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125518358                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1079951230                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     39659418                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          4003502042                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3540335624                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               26772922                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              932014153                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            33338465                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          586705941                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1084527900                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    586705941                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.748945                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.748945                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.173945                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.173945                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2863087042                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1577161021                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20303                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      703877662                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5347490                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       943968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        84000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2841006568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       512000081                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3356797153                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2841006568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2841006568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    357028564                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       364593000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        355125821                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         81109798                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           436472535                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122508                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51509781                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51691105                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2425406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       830967                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        73944                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2500912790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          450709113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            2954958650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2500912790                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2500912790                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3313613                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3345293                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         314289066                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            320947972                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3320043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           5770699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       830967                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        73944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2500912790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         764998180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3275906622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               32643419                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        44018                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                12642163                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                20001256                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         22009                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         22009                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              22263                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3411365514                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 268196511                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   512580452                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           510867513                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36580076                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  510867513                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1317230676                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        565392516                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   132839528                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81195096                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51644432                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2811832939.028817                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             599532574.971183                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.175746                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.824254                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
