
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000420                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   420377202                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10960530991506                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 397497                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   712199                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              281581039                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4611348                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      593407                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1063235                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total                 256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total             64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                    4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       456733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       152244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 608977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       152244                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            152244                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       456733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       152244                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                608977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                         3.997465                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.998477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst      0.998988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.000976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                    4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                     4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                    4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       304273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       101000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total         405273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       304273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       101000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total          405273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       304273                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       101000                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total         405273                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                  4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                   4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total                  4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total                  1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101424.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       101000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101318.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101424.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       101000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101318.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101424.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       101000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101318.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total               4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total                4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total               4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       287473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        95400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       382873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       287473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        95400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       382873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       287473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        95400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       382873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total             1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95824.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        95400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95718.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95824.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        95400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95718.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95824.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        95400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95718.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                         3.997599                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.998578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst      0.999021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                    4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                     4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                    4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       277573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        92100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total         369673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       277573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        92100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total          369673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       277573                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        92100                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total         369673                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total                  4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                   4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total                  4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total                  1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92524.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        92100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92418.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92524.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        92100                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92418.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92524.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        92100                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92418.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total               4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total                4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total               4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       235200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        78400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       235200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        78400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       235200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        78400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total             1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                 0.998975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                       0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                     0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                       nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     0.998975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.001951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.001951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       106300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       106300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       106300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       106300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       106300                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       106300                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       106300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       106300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       106300                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       106300                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       106300                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       106300                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       102300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       102300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       102300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       102300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       102300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       102300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       102300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       102300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       102300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       2.998437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs             0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs             nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.998437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.187402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.187402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       318373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       318373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       318373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total       318373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       318373                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total       318373                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106124.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106124.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106124.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106124.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106124.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106124.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       307273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       307273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       307273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       307273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       307273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       307273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102424.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102424.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102424.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102424.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102424.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102424.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse              0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs             0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs             nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                        0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                       0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                     0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                       nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                       1                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups               0                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted            0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups            0                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits               0                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles                 1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines                1                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples            1                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev          nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0               1    100.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total            1                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate                0                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                      0                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles               1                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles               1                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles                0                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts            0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts                0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads            0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores            0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads            0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores            0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            1                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            1    100.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total            1                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total             0                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                         0                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt                  0                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate               nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            1                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles             0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles            0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents             0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts            0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts            0                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts            0                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs                   0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches               0                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores                 0                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate                   0                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                     0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count                    0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers                0                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers                0                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate                     0                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout                 nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate          nan                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            1                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            1    100.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            1                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts            0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                     0                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                    0                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches                 0                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts                0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events            0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads                   1                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes                  0                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps                    0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total            0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                           inf                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                     inf                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.000000                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.000000                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes             43                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        14640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         8664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         6338568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data         1003919                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            7365791                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      6338568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       6338568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       855296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          855296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         1083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           792321                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           150065                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              945299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          113947                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             113947                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     34825866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20610062                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15078286762                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2388138546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17521861235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15078286762                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15078286762                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2034591781                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2034591781                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     34825866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20610062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15078286762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4422730327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19556453016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1262403                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    593407                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                     1063235                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             1060349                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  784                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        90670                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                    1060349                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         784                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2797041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1223723                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               1293                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               635                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      264152                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    150208                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   113944                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1262403                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.318165                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1318165286229                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               12279115688238                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  28145                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    52360                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               39009843                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4826424                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 33790.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   951035750                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1769283089                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     67541824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           644032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       312960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        28608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      3844160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    126441536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           198813120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      3844160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        3844160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     78020608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         78020608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide      1055341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             10063                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4890                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          447                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        60065                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1975649                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              3106455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        1219072                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             1219072                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     51239268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              488582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       237421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21703                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      2916296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     95922368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              150825638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2916296                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           2916296                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         59188790                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              59188790                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         59188790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     51239268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             488582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       237421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      2916296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     95922368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             210014428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                  1104357                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.123415                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       9502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                  1104372                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.008604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             10970394000000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     2.311615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        12.811799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.144476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.800737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.945213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           3226                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              3226                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           274                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              274                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            3500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               3500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           3500                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              3500                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1069938                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        37204                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total         1107142                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        21071                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          21199                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1070066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         58275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total          1128341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1070066                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        58275                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total         1128341                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 199601069544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2597155246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 202198224790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     20328984                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1318071000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1338399984                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 199621398528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   3915226246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total 203536624774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 199621398528                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   3915226246                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total 203536624774                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1069938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        40430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total       1110368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          128                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        21345                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21473                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1070066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        61775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total        1131841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1070066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        61775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total       1131841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.920208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.997095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.987163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.987240                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.943343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.996908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.943343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.996908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 186553.865312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 69808.494947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182630.796041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 158820.187500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62553.794314                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63135.052786                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 186550.547843                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67185.349567                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180385.738685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 186550.547843                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67185.349567                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180385.738685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   7040858812                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs              752127                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9361.263207                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           9800                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                9800                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1069938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        37204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1107142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        21071                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        21199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1070066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        58275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1128341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide      1070066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        58275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1128341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 186755492156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2140270800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 188895762956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     18787300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1058226500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1077013800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 186774279456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3198497300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 189972776756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 186774279456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3198497300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 189972776756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.920208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.987163                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987240                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.943343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.943343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174547.957130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 57527.975487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170615.659921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 146775.781250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50221.940107                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50804.934195                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174544.635056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54886.268554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168364.684750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174544.635056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54886.268554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168364.684750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages        16682                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes     68329472                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs        16682                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      21968755                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3980.767737                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        36428203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      21972788                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.657878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  11221226587300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          682.368202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    90.028480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    78.028931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2365.274369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    765.067755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.166594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.021980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.577460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.186784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.971867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11097151                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9944581                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9465379                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2592722                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               33099833                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         5756073                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              5756073                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       687798                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              687798                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       968465                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               968465                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11097151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9944581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9465379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      3561187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                34068298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11097151                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9944581                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9465379                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      3561187                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               34068298                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       342801                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370291                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13800791                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5035976                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             19549859                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        14045                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             14045                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2237230                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            2237230                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       342801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13800791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7273206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              21787089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       342801                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370291                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13800791                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7273206                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             21787089                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8147269391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7853628516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 307680128851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 187089370922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   510770397680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    462114070                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    462114070                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 146973145522                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 146973145522                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8147269391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7853628516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 307680128851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 334062516444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    657743543202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8147269391                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7853628516                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 307680128851                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 334062516444                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   657743543202                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11439952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10314872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23266170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7628698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           52649692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5756073                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          5756073                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       701843                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          701843                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3205695                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3205695                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11439952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10314872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23266170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10834393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            55855387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11439952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10314872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23266170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10834393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           55855387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.593170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.660136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.371320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020012                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.020012                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.697892                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.697892                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.593170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.390062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.593170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.390062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23766.760864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21209.342155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22294.383623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37150.568415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26126.551485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32902.390174                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32902.390174                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65694.249372                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65694.249372                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23766.760864                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21209.342155                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22294.383623                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45930.572631                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30189.601888                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23766.760864                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21209.342155                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22294.383623                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45930.572631                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30189.601888                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             3640194                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  3640194                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          175                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          275                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               462                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       342796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13800516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5035969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19549397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        14045                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        14045                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2237230                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2237230                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       342796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13800516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7273199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         21786627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       342796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13800516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7273199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        21786627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6303782673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5885588421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 229095583660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 159217180999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 400502135753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    524962226                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    524962226                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 134579496522                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 134579496522                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6303782673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5885588421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 229095583660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 293796677521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 535081632275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6303782673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5885588421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 229095583660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 293796677521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 535081632275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5237148253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5237148253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7297163000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7297163000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12534311253                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12534311253                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.593158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.660135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.371311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020012                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020012                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.697892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.697892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.593158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.390054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.593158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.390054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18389.312224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15902.010237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16600.508536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31615.997040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20486.674640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37377.160983                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37377.160983                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60154.519885                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60154.519885                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18389.312224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15902.010237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16600.508536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40394.423076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24560.095157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18389.312224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15902.010237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16600.508536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40394.423076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24560.095157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       2016851                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     31651.737362                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        21106922                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       2049446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         10.298843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  11221326824400                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10167.427170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   299.469780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   130.488665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  11048.304733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  10006.047015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.310285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.337168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.305360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.965934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       337906                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       369669                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13740451                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4205629                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               18653655                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3640194                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              3640194                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3704                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                3704                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1040740                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1040740                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       337906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       369669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13740451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      5246369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                19694395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       337906                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       369669                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13740451                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      5246369                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               19694395                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4890                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          447                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        60065                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       830340                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               895742                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        13052                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             13052                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1193779                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            1193779                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        60065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2024119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               2089521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4890                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          447                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        60065                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2024119                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              2089521                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    460148035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     42125524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5640811163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  79071531032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    85214615754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    346442023                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    346442023                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 112528789951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 112528789951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    460148035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     42125524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5640811163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 191600320983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    197743405705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    460148035                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     42125524                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5640811163                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 191600320983                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   197743405705                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       342796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13800516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5035969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           19549397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3640194                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          3640194                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16756                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           16756                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2234519                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          2234519                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       342796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13800516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7270488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            21783916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       342796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13800516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7270488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           21783916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.164882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.045819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.778945                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.778945                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.534244                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.534244                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.278402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.095920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.278402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.095920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94099.802658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94240.545861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93911.781620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95227.895840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95132.991145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26543.213530                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26543.213530                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94262.664992                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94262.664992                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94099.802658                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94240.545861                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93911.781620                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94658.624806                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94635.758963                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94099.802658                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94240.545861                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93911.781620                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94658.624806                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94635.758963                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             1209272                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  1209272                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        60065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       830340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          895742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        13052                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        13052                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1193779                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1193779                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        60065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2024119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          2089521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        60065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2024119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         2089521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    391536584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     35879224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4794152201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  67451793939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  72673361948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    489397105                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    489397105                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  95621591134                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  95621591134                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    391536584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     35879224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4794152201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 163073385073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 168294953082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    391536584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     35879224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4794152201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 163073385073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 168294953082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4666689916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4666689916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6503944686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6503944686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11170634602                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11170634602                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.164882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.778945                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.778945                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.534244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.534244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.278402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.095920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.278402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80068.831084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80266.720358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79816.069275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81233.945057                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81132.024565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37495.947364                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37495.947364                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80099.910565                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80099.910565                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80068.831084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80266.720358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79816.069275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80565.117502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80542.360226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 80068.831084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80266.720358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79816.069275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80565.117502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80542.360226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1503266                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       356127                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       4633                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       4637                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  4623                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  4637                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                11284734                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      9270                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1859393                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                          7033                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  9123384                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  2161350                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           3515                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           3518                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               12843                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              23265658                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.054260                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               141177994                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              23266170                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.067952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          10965035409300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.054260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.998153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.998153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    141177994                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      141177994                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    141177994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       141177994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    141177994                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      141177994                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25545199                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     25545199                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25545199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      25545199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25545199                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     25545199                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 585525845330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 585525845330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 585525845330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 585525845330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 585525845330                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 585525845330                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    166723193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    166723193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    166723193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    166723193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    166723193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    166723193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.153219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.153219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.153219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.153219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.153219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.153219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22921.169858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22921.169858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22921.169858                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22921.169858                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22921.169858                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22921.169858                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2278834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      2278834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2278834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2278834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2278834                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2278834                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23266365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     23266365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23266365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     23266365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23266365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     23266365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 458590053901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 458590053901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 458590053901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 458590053901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 458590053901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 458590053901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19710.429794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19710.429794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19710.429794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19710.429794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19710.429794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19710.429794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements     10317024                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.962980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       1971448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     10317040                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.191087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 10965029224300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.962980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.997686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.997686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1971448                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1971448                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1971448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1971448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1971448                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1971448                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10317200                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     10317200                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10317200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     10317200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10317200                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     10317200                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 145843862059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 145843862059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 145843862059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 145843862059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 145843862059                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 145843862059                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12288648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12288648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12288648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     12288648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12288648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     12288648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.839572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.839572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.839572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.839572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.839572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.839572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14135.992523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14135.992523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14135.992523                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14135.992523                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14135.992523                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14135.992523                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       205682                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       205682                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10317200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10317200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10317200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     10317200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10317200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     10317200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 114270912931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 114270912931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 114270912931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 114270912931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 114270912931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 114270912931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.839572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.839572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.839572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.839572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.839572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.839572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 11075.767934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11075.767934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 11075.767934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11075.767934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 11075.767934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11075.767934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     11443713                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.973306                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       8008928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     11443729                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.699853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 10964997550000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.973306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.998332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.998332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8008928                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      8008928                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8008928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      8008928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8008928                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      8008928                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11445612                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     11445612                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11445612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     11445612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11445612                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     11445612                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 171655658092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 171655658092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 171655658092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 171655658092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 171655658092                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 171655658092                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19454540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19454540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19454540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     19454540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19454540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     19454540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.588326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.588326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.588326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.588326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.588326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.588326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14997.508049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14997.508049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14997.508049                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14997.508049                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14997.508049                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14997.508049                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        65876                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        65876                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11445612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11445612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11445612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     11445612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     11445612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     11445612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 136455903279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 136455903279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 136455903279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 136455903279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 136455903279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 136455903279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.588326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.588326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.588326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.588326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.588326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.588326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11922.115067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11922.115067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11922.115067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11922.115067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11922.115067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11922.115067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              10822733                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               510.648739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               355271441                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              10823245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 32.824854                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          10965059687300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.648739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.997361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    231489401                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      231489401                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    123041168                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     123041168                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    354530569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       354530569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    354530569                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      354530569                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     18145486                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     18145486                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3920394                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3920394                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     22065880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      22065880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     22065880                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     22065880                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 972625937159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 972625937159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 187697763804                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 187697763804                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1160323700963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1160323700963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1160323700963                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1160323700963                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    249634887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    249634887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    126961562                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    126961562                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    376596449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    376596449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    376596449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    376596449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.072688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030879                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030879                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.058593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.058593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53601.536887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53601.536887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47877.270449                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47877.270449                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52584.519673                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52584.519673                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52584.519673                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52584.519673                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5484515                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          5484515                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10509630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     10509630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        39227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        39227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10548857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     10548857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10548857                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     10548857                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7635856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7635856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3881167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3881167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11517023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     11517023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11517023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     11517023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 250361551019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 250361551019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 172939161928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 172939161928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 423300712947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 423300712947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 423300712947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 423300712947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5464364008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5464364008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7583908107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7583908107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13048272115                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13048272115                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030570                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030570                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32787.620801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32787.620801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44558.546934                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44558.546934                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36754.351619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36754.351619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36754.351619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36754.351619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              2995084538                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       215807658                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    215807658                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     25418588                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    181739198                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       110079831                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1013196284                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1154874246                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          215807658                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    110079831                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            357288202                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       98363521                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles         180159778                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     661712370                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       100542                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       494071                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        166723193                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     17097685                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1264099                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2285165388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.943422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.416513                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      1935896661     84.72%     84.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        28045263      1.23%     85.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14553267      0.64%     86.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26667058      1.17%     87.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        21096202      0.92%     88.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        27282402      1.19%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        17219409      0.75%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        20632477      0.90%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       193772649      8.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2285165388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.072054                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.385590                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1188786568                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    681751466                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        332509676                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      9903536                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      72214141                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    2113131215                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          298                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      72214141                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1213127360                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      504631305                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     92255926                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        317035583                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     85901072                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    2064995141                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       652293                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      32169257                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     44488099                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       629922                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2349616414                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   5098475004                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   5089984545                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      8490459                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1822613454                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       527002949                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2351778                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2357181                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        198392180                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    315972930                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    163972342                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     31184195                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     24122917                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1982685379                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      5771693                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1852671221                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      4052758                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    390868575                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    548909364                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1859813                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2285165388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.810738                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.557458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1601928989     70.10%     70.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    222794422      9.75%     79.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    156177391      6.83%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    105420289      4.61%     91.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     75644685      3.31%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     62245005      2.72%     97.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     41984395      1.84%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     16210681      0.71%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2759531      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2285165388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6586116     47.93%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        20265      0.15%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       3931690     28.61%     76.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      3203027     23.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      8475232      0.46%      0.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1400289431     75.58%     76.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1552167      0.08%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    292607437     15.79%     91.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    149746954      8.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1852671221                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.618571                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           13741098                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.007417                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6009062614                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2375455177                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1804574447                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      4829140                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      4257217                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2167182                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1855601553                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        2335534                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     35019087                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     71768204                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       249649                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       400700                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     36994798                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       216917                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      72214141                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      432864323                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      4024210                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1988457072                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     15217961                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    315972930                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    163972342                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      2916000                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       1978637                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       699328                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       400700                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      8862991                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     19020809                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     27883800                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1826302446                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    284889771                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     26368775                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           431545991                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       173613220                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         146656220                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.609767                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1809469689                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1806741629                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1224659602                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1881972383                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.603236                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.650732                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    425882606                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      3911880                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     25467438                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2213268137                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.705990                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.771565                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1741216193     78.67%     78.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    162768944      7.35%     86.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     63856488      2.89%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     82529943      3.73%     92.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     37158826      1.68%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     26418031      1.19%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     19548462      0.88%     96.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     11713540      0.53%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     68057710      3.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2213268137                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    843143054                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1562544440                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             371182266                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            244204723                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars            2000218                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         154796007                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           1691608                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1552521460                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     68057710                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          4133159272                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         4049336457                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               15817053                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              709919150                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles           961425443                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          843143054                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1562544440                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    843143054                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.552285                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.552285                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.281509                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.281509                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      3615386110                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     2062297686                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          3225905                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         1731912                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      794657753                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2021299                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          639919                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       546360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        59552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      1126398096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       196000963                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1323645418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   1126398096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    1126398096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide       274432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1787058                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    130757067                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       132818557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide           66                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            22254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        68295                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         7444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        140799762                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         30481769                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           171379590                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide         4288                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           38465                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        19369393                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           19412146                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             485462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       414485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        45178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          854519617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          148692251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            1004157393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     854519617                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        854519617                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       208192                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           1355716                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          99196260                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            100760169                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       208593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           1841178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       414485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        45178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         854519617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         247888511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           1104917562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           67                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       274432                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           67                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      356127                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1503266                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      4637                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      4633                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 4221                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 4633                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               11284734                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     9270                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1859393                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                         7033                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 2161350                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 9123384                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          3518                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          3515                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               8829                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3958748625                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 106707738                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   204614449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           201821928                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              2673563                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     13547989                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  201821928                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     2673563                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         513884140                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        223085313                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            4894163                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes           2303961                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    49937429                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  30519345                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 19418084                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             3720311102.579984                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             238437522.420016                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.060231                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.939769                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
