
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  92808                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   164805                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               51745127                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490156                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      519885                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        923196                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        66048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              285376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4459                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6182192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    435182128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    227857918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              984514007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    435182128                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         435844505                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6182192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    435182128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    227857918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1291857245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.205903                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083047986000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.205903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.575369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.575369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       950000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       950000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249692824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    249692824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250642824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    250642824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250642824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    250642824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43181.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43181.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177338.653409                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177338.653409                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175274.702098                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175274.702098                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175274.702098                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175274.702098                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1684400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 154                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10937.662338                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       670600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       670600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    232728892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232728892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233399492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233399492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233399492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233399492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30481.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30481.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165290.406250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165290.406250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163216.427972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163216.427972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163216.427972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163216.427972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           141                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1811.834983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              37                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           141                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.262411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          121.316725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.606405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.736628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1228.054086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    425.121906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.029618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.299818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.103790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.442343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2242                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2276                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          587                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5209                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             656                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  656                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2242                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2276                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          671                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5293                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1991                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          701                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2737                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          333                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                336                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1991                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1034                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3073                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2957722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205392776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     74254926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      283011198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34176819                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34176819                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2957722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205392776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108431745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       317188017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2957722                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405774                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205392776                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108431745                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      317188017                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          656                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              656                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          417                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              420                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.466604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.544255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.344450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.798561                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.800000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.466604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.606452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.367320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.466604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.606452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.367320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105632.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101443.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103160.610748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105927.141227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103401.972232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102633.090090                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101716.723214                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105632.928571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101443.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103160.610748                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104866.291103                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103217.708103                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105632.928571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101443.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103160.610748                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104866.291103                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103217.708103                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   6                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        6                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2805422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194398375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     70443645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    268030816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       189459                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       189459                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32332619                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32332619                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2805422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194398375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102776264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    300363435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2805422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194398375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102776264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    300363435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3820985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3820985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7505713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7505713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11326698                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11326698                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.466604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.544255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.798561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.466604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.606452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.365408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.466604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.606452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100193.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95843.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97638.561025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100490.221113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98396.041116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94729.500000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94729.500000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97094.951952                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97094.951952                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100193.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95843.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97638.561025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99396.773694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98254.313052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100193.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95843.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97638.561025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99396.773694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98254.313052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1733.835840                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.981317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.793024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.736823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1250.471976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    443.852843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.052912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     22                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               6                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    6                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     22                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1971                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          699                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2715                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          333                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                336                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1971                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1032                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3051                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2707556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187398460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67953210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      258429400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31218677                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     31218677                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2707556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187398460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99171887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       289648077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2707556                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370174                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187398460                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99171887                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      289648077                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            6                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                6                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          333                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              336                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.991962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.992841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.992841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96698.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92543.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95077.858955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97214.892704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95185.782689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93749.780781                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92912.729167                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96698.428571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92543.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95077.858955                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96096.789729                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94935.456244                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96698.428571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92543.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95077.858955                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96096.789729                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94935.456244                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2319427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159691430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     58246636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    220571093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26472791                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26472791                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2319427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159691430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84719427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    247043884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2319427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159691430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84719427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    247043884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.987634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82836.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81020.512430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83328.520744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81632.528868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79497.870871                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79497.870871                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82836.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81020.512430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82092.468023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81398.314333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82836.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81020.512430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82092.468023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81398.314333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3758                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               438.289237                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  4.751996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083158996028                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.361141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   437.928095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.855328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.856034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20742                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20759                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           20759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20742                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          20759                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4947                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4950                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4947                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4950                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299030377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    299030377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299030377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    299030377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299030377                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    299030377                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.192540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.192540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.192540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60446.811603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60410.177172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60446.811603                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60410.177172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60446.811603                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60410.177172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          680                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          680                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233171893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233171893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233171893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233171893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233171893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233171893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.166102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.166102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.166102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54645.393251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54645.393251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54645.393251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54645.393251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54645.393251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54645.393251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          101                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.073336                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.544554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.343856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.729479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.083991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.545592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.629583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          239                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          239                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          239                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          239                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          112                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          112                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1820730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1820730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1820730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1820730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1820730                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1820730                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.305233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.319088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.305233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.319088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.305233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.319088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17340.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16256.517857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17340.285714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16256.517857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17340.285714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16256.517857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1495834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1495834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1495834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1495834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1495834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1495834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.305233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.305233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.305233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14246.038095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14246.038095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14246.038095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14246.038095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14246.038095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14246.038095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2261                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.101449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.103936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.091003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.010447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          311                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          311                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          311                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          311                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2271                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2277                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2271                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2277                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31794470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31794470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31794470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31794470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31794470                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31794470                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.879830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.879830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.879830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14000.206957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13963.315766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14000.206957                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13963.315766                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14000.206957                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13963.315766                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24831274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24831274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24831274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24831274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24831274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24831274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10934.070454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10934.070454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10934.070454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10934.070454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10934.070454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10934.070454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1215                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               371.030941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   28945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 23.823045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.958379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   370.072563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.722798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.724670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27318                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27319                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16239                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16243                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43557                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43562                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2240                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2240                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          429                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          432                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2669                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2672                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    151790363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151790363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38525921                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38525921                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    190316284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    190316284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    190316284                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    190316284                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16668                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16675                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.075781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025738                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025907                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.057793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.057793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67763.554911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67763.554911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89804.011655                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89180.372685                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71306.213563                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71226.154192                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71306.213563                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71226.154192                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          656                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              656                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          961                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          961                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83606362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83606362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36038402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36038402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119644764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119644764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119644764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119644764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3988903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3988903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7790637                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7790637                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11779540                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11779540                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025198                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025187                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64911.771739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64911.771739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85805.719048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85805.719048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70049.627635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70049.627635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70049.627635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70049.627635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  773233                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38139                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38139                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6251                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        28361                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15018                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       179047                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                185007                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38139                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15018                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                54101                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24278                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1790                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        160327                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           19                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          442                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25689                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3869                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             31                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       413519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.826194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.292481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          360512     87.18%     87.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2483      0.60%     87.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1923      0.47%     88.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2921      0.71%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3838      0.93%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3756      0.91%     90.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5098      1.23%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2069      0.50%     92.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30919      7.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       413519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.049324                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.239264                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          174157                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       170568                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            48678                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2317                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17793                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        328304                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17793                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          178372                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         107852                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        50859                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            46736                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11902                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        312348                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2458                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7986                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          131                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       342690                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       773220                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       773130                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       212469                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          130187                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          977                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          979                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            30089                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        40234                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        25104                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2145                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1140                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            290984                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1617                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           260378                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1383                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        94965                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       137249                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          801                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       413519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.629664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.403406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       316709     76.59%     76.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        32426      7.84%     84.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20291      4.91%     89.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16198      3.92%     93.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11387      2.75%     96.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8667      2.10%     98.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5428      1.31%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1979      0.48%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          434      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       413519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            515     38.46%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           437     32.64%     71.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          387     28.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2905      1.12%      1.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       200029     76.82%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35730     13.72%     91.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21704      8.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        260378                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.336739                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1339                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005143                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       937817                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       387659                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       248064                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        258798                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4265                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14911                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          115                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          147                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8359                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           37                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17793                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          94446                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          763                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       292601                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4666                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        40234                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        25104                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1211                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           304                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          105                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          147                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1140                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6219                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7359                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       252924                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        33892                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7454                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54631                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25595                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20739                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.327099                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                248775                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               248073                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           160937                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           252581                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.320826                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637170                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       103260                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          816                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6309                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       395786                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.478291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.398643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       330370     83.47%     83.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24281      6.13%     89.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12471      3.15%     92.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10042      2.54%     95.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5991      1.51%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3098      0.78%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1653      0.42%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2460      0.62%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5420      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       395786                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       104151                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        189301                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 42025                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25304                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20626                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           187458                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5420                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              682799                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             603097                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2634                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 359714                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97199                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             104151                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               189301                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       104151                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.424153                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.424153                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134695                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134695                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          486787                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         269951                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         110578                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           662                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.004987                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60004987002945                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65088494627724                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  62096                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   123085                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            30625856146                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4538816                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1959.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   121663763                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     241159346                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1922752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            49600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       571776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      2660544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             5227520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       571776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         571776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2471360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          2471360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        30043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         8934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        41571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                81680                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          38615                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               38615                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        32043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         9529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        44339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                  87118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         9529                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              9529                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            41186                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 41186                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            41186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         9529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        44339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                128304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    38021                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.896053                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         40                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    38036                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001052                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.139281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.756772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.008705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.922298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.931003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet              7                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                 7                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet               7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                  7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet              7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                 7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        17088                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           20250                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         1652                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          29300                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         18740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            49550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        18740                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           49550                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    491698664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1958635564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2450334228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4849375544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    101124000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4950499544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5341074208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   2059759564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   7400833772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5341074208                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   2059759564                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   7400833772                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        17095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         20257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         1652                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        29300                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        18747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          49557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        18747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         49557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 155502.423782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 114620.526919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121004.159407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175396.974248                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 61213.075061                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168959.028805                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173355.216099                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 109912.463394                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149360.923754                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173355.216099                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 109912.463394                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149360.923754                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     64015736                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                6560                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9758.496341                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          28346                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               28346                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        17088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         1652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        18740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        18740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    453403000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1752514200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2205917200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4516135400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     80688800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4596824200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4969538400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1833203000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6802741400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4969538400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1833203000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6802741400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 143391.208096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 102558.181180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108934.182716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163344.017650                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 48843.099274                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156888.197952                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161296.280428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97822.998933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137290.441978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161296.280428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97822.998933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137290.441978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          432                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1769472                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          432                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        150568                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3985.578843                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2237480                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        154575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         14.475044                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          928.627841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.000205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    57.814986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    19.977613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1631.648396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1346.509721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.226716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.398352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.328738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.973042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       674212                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        25319                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1028430                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       246067                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                1974028                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          277310                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               277310                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         9340                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                9340                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        78830                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                78830                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       674212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        25319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1028430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       324897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 2052858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       674212                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        25319                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1028430                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       324897                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                2052858                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2600                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          791                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        50978                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        73621                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               127990                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8979                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8979                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        30852                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              30852                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        50978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       104473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                158842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2600                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          791                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        50978                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       104473                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               158842                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     76191350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     24676006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1845031669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3967603121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     5913502146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    128706212                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    128706212                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2459160550                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2459160550                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     76191350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     24676006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1845031669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6426763671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      8372662696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     76191350                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     24676006                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1845031669                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6426763671                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     8372662696                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       676812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1079408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       319688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            2102018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       277310                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           277310                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18319                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           18319                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       109682                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           109682                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       676812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1079408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       429370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             2211700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       676812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1079408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       429370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            2211700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.230290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.060889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.490147                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.490147                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.281286                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.281286                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.243317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.071819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.243317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.071819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29304.365385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31195.962073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36192.704088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53892.274229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46202.845113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14334.136541                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14334.136541                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79708.302541                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79708.302541                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29304.365385                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31195.962073                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36192.704088                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61516.024916                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52710.635071                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29304.365385                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31195.962073                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36192.704088                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61516.024916                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52710.635071                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks               50849                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                    50849                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        50977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        73621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          127989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8979                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8979                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        30852                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         30852                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        50977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       104473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           158841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        50977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       104473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          158841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     62254274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     20409464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1557029185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3560647752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5200340675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    798298151                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    798298151                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2285297479                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2285297479                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     62254274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     20409464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1557029185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5845945231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7485638154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     62254274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     20409464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1557029185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5845945231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7485638154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    858564753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    858564753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2630883264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2630883264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3489448017                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3489448017                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.230290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.490147                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.490147                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.281286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.243317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.071819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.030295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.243317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23943.951538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25802.103666                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30543.758656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48364.566523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40631.153263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88907.244793                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88907.244793                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74072.911934                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74072.911934                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23943.951538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25802.103666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30543.758656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55956.517292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47126.611857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23943.951538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25802.103666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30543.758656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55956.517292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47126.611857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                         24169                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32447.196390                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          124441                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         56743                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.193063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         9536.252522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.470394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.605148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.000095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   216.111656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    70.531965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   7693.982003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  14922.242606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.291023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.234802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.455391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.990210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2340                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          694                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        42042                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44502                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                  89578                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks           50849                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                50849                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           69                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  69                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         8344                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                 8344                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        42042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        52846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                   97922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2340                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          694                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        42042                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        52846                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                  97922                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8935                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        29119                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                38411                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        17168                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             17168                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        14250                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              14250                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        43369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 52661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          260                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8935                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        43369                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                52661                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24313081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9034245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    836198406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2629412041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     3498957773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35661525                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     35661525                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1324018186                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1324018186                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24313081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9034245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    836198406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3953430227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      4822975959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24313081                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9034245                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    836198406                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3953430227                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     4822975959                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        50977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        73621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             127989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        50849                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total            50849                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17237                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           17237                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22594                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            22594                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        50977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        96215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              150583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        50977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        96215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             150583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.122630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.395526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.300112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995997                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.995997                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.630698                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.630698                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.122630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.450751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.349714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.122630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.450751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.349714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93511.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93136.546392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93586.838948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90298.844088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91092.597771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  2077.209052                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2077.209052                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92913.556912                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92913.556912                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93511.850000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93136.546392                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93586.838948                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91157.975213                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91585.347012                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93511.850000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93136.546392                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93586.838948                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91157.975213                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91585.347012                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               10269                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    10269                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        29119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        17168                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        17168                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        14250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         14250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            52661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           52661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20675145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7676741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    710285910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2217864382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2956502178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1296540058                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1296540058                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1118785464                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1118785464                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20675145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7676741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    710285910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3336649846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4075287642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20675145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7676741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    710285910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3336649846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4075287642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    766816660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    766816660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2307440968                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2307440968                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3074257628                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3074257628                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.122630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.395526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995997                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995997                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.630698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.630698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.122630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.450751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.349714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.122630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.450751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79519.788462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79141.659794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79494.785674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76165.540781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76970.195465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75520.739632                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75520.739632                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78511.260632                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78511.260632                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79519.788462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79141.659794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79494.785674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76936.287348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77387.205750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79519.788462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79141.659794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79494.785674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76936.287348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77387.205750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1005819                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        39444                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        791                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         82                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     4                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                     8                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                   777                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  139357                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                       873                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1045263                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   134098                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     5259                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             13                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              1                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                1687                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1079410                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                13989236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1079922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 12.953932                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13984548                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       13984548                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13984548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        13984548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13984548                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       13984548                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1129469                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1129469                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1129469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1129469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1129469                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1129469                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15070337145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15070337145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15070337145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  15070337145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15070337145                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  15070337145                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15114017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15114017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15114017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     15114017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15114017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     15114017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.074730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.074730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.074730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.074730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.074730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.074730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13342.851504                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13342.851504                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13342.851504                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13342.851504                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13342.851504                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13342.851504                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       278054                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        39722                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        50055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        50055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        50055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        50055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        50055                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        50055                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1079414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1079414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1079414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1079414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1079414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1079414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  10548137547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10548137547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  10548137547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10548137547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  10548137547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10548137547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.071418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.071418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.071418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9772.096292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9772.096292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9772.096292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9772.096292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9772.096292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9772.096292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        26152                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999921                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         12611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        26168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.481924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083930627300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12305                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        12305                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        12305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12305                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        12305                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26354                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        26354                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        26354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26354                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        26354                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    428461231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    428461231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    428461231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    428461231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    428461231                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    428461231                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        38659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        38659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        38659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.681704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.681704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.681704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.681704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.681704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.681704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16257.920278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16257.920278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16257.920278                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16257.920278                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16257.920278                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16257.920278                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           65                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           65                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        26354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    346931849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    346931849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    346931849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    346931849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    346931849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    346931849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.681704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.681704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.681704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.681704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.681704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.681704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13164.295705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13164.295705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13164.295705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13164.295705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13164.295705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13164.295705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       677060                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         39638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       677076                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.058543                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        39266                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        39266                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        39266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        39266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        39266                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        39266                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       677301                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       677301                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       677301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       677301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       677301                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       677301                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7843278362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7843278362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7843278362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7843278362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7843278362                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7843278362                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       716567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       716567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       716567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       716567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       716567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       716567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.945203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.945203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.945203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.945203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.945203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.945203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11580.196046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11580.196046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11580.196046                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11580.196046                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11580.196046                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11580.196046                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           43                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           43                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       677301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       677301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       677301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       677301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       677301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       677301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5772361503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5772361503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5772361503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5772361503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5772361503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5772361503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.945203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.945203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.945203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.945203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.945203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.945203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8522.594095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8522.594095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8522.594095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8522.594095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8522.594095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8522.594095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                428444                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               510.740712                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                28119571                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                428955                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 65.553662                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.740712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.997540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16830009                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       16830009                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11264032                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      11264032                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     28094041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        28094041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     28094041                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       28094041                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       684100                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       684100                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       129334                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       129334                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       813434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        813434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       813434                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       813434                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26745892460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26745892460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4707332398                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4707332398                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31453224858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31453224858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31453224858                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31453224858                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17514109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17514109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11393366                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     11393366                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28907475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     28907475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28907475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     28907475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011352                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011352                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39096.466101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39096.466101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36396.712373                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36396.712373                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38667.211916                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38667.211916                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38667.211916                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38667.211916                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       277202                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           277202                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       363838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       363838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       366133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       366133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       366133                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       366133                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       320262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       320262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       127039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       127039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       447301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       447301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       447301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       447301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7260402544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7260402544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4162067209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4162067209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11422469753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11422469753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11422469753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11422469753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    895528629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    895528629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2748428525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2748428525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3643957154                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3643957154                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011150                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011150                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22670.196726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22670.196726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32762.121939                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32762.121939                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25536.427938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25536.427938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25536.427938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25536.427938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               162803966                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        19365102                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19365102                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2165983                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     15199624                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        11045498                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     67110499                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              87643859                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           19365102                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     11045498                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             30725663                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        7059565                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            233191                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      48829848                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       223234                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        29034                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          113                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         15114023                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1205332                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes           8620                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    151936564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.166981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.603211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       121781836     80.15%     80.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         3238447      2.13%     82.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1440079      0.95%     83.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2129973      1.40%     84.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2126556      1.40%     86.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         2227324      1.47%     87.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         2451578      1.61%     89.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1879957      1.24%     90.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        14660814      9.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    151936564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.118947                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.538340                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        66640975                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     51057360                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         28936141                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       517106                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       4784982                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     173970050                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            8                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       4784982                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        68680212                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       17932815                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     29156551                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         27413537                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      3968467                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     168982039                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        15136                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        999064                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      1765239                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        21245                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    187384498                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    418948320                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    408669139                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10279181                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    147791219                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        39593397                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1037414                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1065997                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         12493576                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     21456305                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     13434107                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1342117                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       658857                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         157875157                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1197421                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        150165871                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       219657                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24804575                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35011720                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       295054                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    151936564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.988346                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.636998                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     95534346     62.88%     62.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18450457     12.14%     75.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12704628      8.36%     83.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9536683      6.28%     89.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6697410      4.41%     94.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4751272      3.13%     97.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2968879      1.95%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1006277      0.66%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       286612      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    151936564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         312997     36.98%     36.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     36.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     36.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         3742      0.44%     37.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     37.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     37.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     37.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     37.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     37.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     37.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     37.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     37.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     37.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     37.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     37.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     37.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     37.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     37.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     37.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        329566     38.94%     76.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       200121     23.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      2139693      1.42%      1.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111936694     74.54%     75.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      3106747      2.07%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20376538     13.57%     91.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     12606199      8.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     150165871                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.922372                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             846426                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005637                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446146313                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178785610                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    142992904                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7413739                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      5105008                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3623103                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     145166835                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        3705769                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2342091                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3674267                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        24459                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        17833                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2054377                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        21150                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       4784982                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       15237154                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       158505                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159072578                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      2908378                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21456305                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     13434107                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1119738                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         75652                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        10184                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        17833                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       970667                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1380384                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2351051                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    147723415                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19865741                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2442456                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            32291324                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        15203966                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          12425583                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.907370                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             146839476                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            146616007                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         96572614                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        157327953                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.900568                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613830                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     26747818                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       902367                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2167714                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    147224943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.897228                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.844905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    103130957     70.05%     70.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15004193     10.19%     80.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9042499      6.14%     86.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7448003      5.06%     91.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3588584      2.44%     93.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1867753      1.27%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1395700      0.95%     96.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1384156      0.94%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4363098      2.96%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    147224943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     66288660                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     132094377                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              29161783                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             17782049                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars              55354                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          13874543                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           3112457                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        128993923                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      4363098                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           301401603                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          322505771                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 538057                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               10867402                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        180031147013                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           66288660                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            132094377                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     66288660                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.455985                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.455985                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.407169                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.407169                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       291222564                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      157833552                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          6334144                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         3315010                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       64098566                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1016605                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           53540                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        82760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        47472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       572614800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       114878314                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          687791230                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    572614800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     572614800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1019915                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     74053690                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        76888133                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             1557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        10345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         5934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         71576850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         16180661                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            87777544                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           16996                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         9734364                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            9779712                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker         1379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker          791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            9542787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            1914479                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              11462234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       9542787                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          9542787                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30240                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             16997                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           1234126                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              1281362                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             17889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker         1379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker          791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           9542787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           3148605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             12743597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       39444                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1005819                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        82                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       791                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    4                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                  777                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 139357                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                      873                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1045263                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    5259                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  134098                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             1                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            13                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                914                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180195155377                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  54311808                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   107183847                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           106717405                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                16541                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      6480920                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  106717405                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       16541                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         266409672                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        119293261                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              26876                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             13621                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    25957964                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  16194692                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  9763272                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             180070686999.766510                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             124468377.233471                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.000691                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.999309                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
