
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  79794                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   142278                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               43486963                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490956                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     6.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      535841                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        955445                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        77824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        80384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              300992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        76864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            76864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4703                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    266491335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5259697                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    465702374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    275257498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1030681537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    465702374                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         465921528                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        263204024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             263204024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        263204024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    266491335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5259697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    465702374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    275257498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1293885562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1220                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.639928                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598615157000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.639928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.539995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.539995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1216                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1236                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       825000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       825000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    222253848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    222253848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    223078848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    223078848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    223078848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    223078848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        41250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        41250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 182774.546053                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182774.546053                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180484.504854                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180484.504854                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180484.504854                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180484.504854                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1250500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 130                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9619.230769                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1201                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1201                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       575900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       575900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    207619676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    207619676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    208195576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    208195576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    208195576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    208195576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        28795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        28795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170739.865132                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170739.865132                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168443.022654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168443.022654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168443.022654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168443.022654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           19                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        77824                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           19                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           254                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1814.725943                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              84                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.330709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           89.266039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.940323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.271953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.708819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1170.381555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    505.157389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.021793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.285738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.123329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.443048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2473                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           91                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2059                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          530                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5153                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             661                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  661                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   86                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           91                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2473                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           91                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2059                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          616                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5239                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2157                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          945                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3209                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          316                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                317                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2157                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1261                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3526                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7750036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2739961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223103366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101711003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      335304366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33047715                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     33047715                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7750036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2739961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223103366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    134758718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       368352081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7750036                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2739961                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223103366                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    134758718                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      368352081                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          661                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              661                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          402                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              403                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.640678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.383760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.786070                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.786600                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.402282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.402282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 109155.436620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 114165.041667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103432.251275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107630.691005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104488.739794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104581.376582                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104251.466877                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 109155.436620                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 114165.041667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103432.251275                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106866.548771                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104467.408111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 109155.436620                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 114165.041667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103432.251275                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106866.548771                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104467.408111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  13                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       13                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          316                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           316                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7362936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2607661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211195014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96534405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    317700016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31294015                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31294015                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7362936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2607661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211195014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127828420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    348994031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7362936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2607661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211195014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127828420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    348994031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3183678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3183678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7059768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7059768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10243446                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10243446                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.640678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.786070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.784119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.400799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.208696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103703.323944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 108652.541667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97911.457580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102152.809524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99374.418517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99031.693038                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99031.693038                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103703.323944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 108652.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97911.457580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101370.674068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99343.589809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103703.323944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 108652.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97911.457580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101370.674068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99343.589809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1777.230954                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            1.493656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.130777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.709969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1196.242747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    527.653941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     37                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              13                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   13                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      37                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           32                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     37                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2125                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          942                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3172                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2125                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1256                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3487                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7092936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2526361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203500731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93191198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      306311226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30049257                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30049257                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7092936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2526361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203500731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123240455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       336360483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7092936                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2526361                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203500731                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123240455                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      336360483                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           13                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               13                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              315                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.988470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.989501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.989501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102796.173913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105265.041667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95765.049882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98929.084926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96567.221311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95698.270701                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95394.466667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102796.173913                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105265.041667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95765.049882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98121.381369                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96461.279897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102796.173913                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105265.041667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95765.049882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98121.381369                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96461.279897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6136050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2192598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173665003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     80062388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    262056039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25587694                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25587694                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6136050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2192598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173665003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105650082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    287643733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6136050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2192598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173665003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105650082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    287643733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.985812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88928.260870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91358.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81724.707294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84991.919321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82929.126266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81489.471338                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81489.471338                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88928.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91358.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81724.707294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84116.307325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82799.002015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88928.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91358.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81724.707294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84116.307325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82799.002015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3704                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               429.487926                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   21781                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.880400                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598744161000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.164468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   429.323457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.838522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.838844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25230                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25239                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25230                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25239                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4943                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4944                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4943                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4944                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    318928999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    318928999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    318928999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    318928999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    318928999                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    318928999                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.163822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.163801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.163822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.163801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.163822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.163801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64521.343111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64508.292678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64521.343111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64508.292678                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64521.343111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64508.292678                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          727                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          727                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248428043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    248428043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248428043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    248428043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248428043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    248428043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58925.057638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58925.057638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58925.057638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58925.057638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58925.057638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58925.057638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          102                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.228887                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          102                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.196078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598749201300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.135118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    11.093769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.693361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.701805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          389                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          389                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          389                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          389                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          118                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          118                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4114065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4114065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4114065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4114065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4114065                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4114065                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.232742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.232742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.232742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35774.478261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34864.957627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35774.478261                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34864.957627                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35774.478261                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34864.957627                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3743510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3743510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3743510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3743510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3743510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3743510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32552.260870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32552.260870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32552.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32552.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32552.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32552.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2535                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.904839                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2535                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.284024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598620511300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.825924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.078915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.879932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.931552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          793                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          793                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          793                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          793                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2545                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2552                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2545                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2552                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37609846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     37609846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37609846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     37609846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37609846                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     37609846                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.762433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.762930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.762433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.762930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.762433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.762930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14777.935560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14737.400470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14777.935560                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14737.400470                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14777.935560                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14737.400470                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29761710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29761710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29761710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     29761710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29761710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     29761710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.762433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.762433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.762433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11694.188605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11694.188605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11694.188605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11694.188605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11694.188605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11694.188605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1379                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               366.949903                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   36794                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 26.681653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.408368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   366.541535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.715901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.716699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31586                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31586                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17334                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17335                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        48920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           48921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        48920                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          48921                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2690                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2691                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          414                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          415                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3104                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3106                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    214041394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    214041394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36973827                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36973827                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    251015221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    251015221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    251015221                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    251015221                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17748                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17750                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.078481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.078507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023327                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023380                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79569.291450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79539.722780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89308.760870                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89093.559036                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80868.305735                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80816.233419                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80868.305735                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80816.233419                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          661                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              661                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110729089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110729089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34655878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34655878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145384967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145384967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145384967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145384967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3323623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3323623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7326183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7326183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10649806                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10649806                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022819                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022817                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75070.568814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75070.568814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85570.069136                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85570.069136                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77332.429255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77332.429255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77332.429255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77332.429255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44463                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44463                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6926                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        33729                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17521                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       200682                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                211616                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44463                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17521                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62596                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              3766                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        164802                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1523                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          399                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30173                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4171                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             67                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       454318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.867652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.341463                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          393077     86.52%     86.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2784      0.61%     87.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2438      0.54%     87.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3321      0.73%     88.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4918      1.08%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3769      0.83%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5659      1.25%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2720      0.60%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35632      7.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       454318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050702                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.241311                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          198395                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       176438                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56755                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2177                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20550                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        378638                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20550                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          203589                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         108561                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        54319                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            53733                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13563                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        360019                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2879                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8992                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       396878                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       899987                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       899825                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          162                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       242955                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          153785                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1039                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1035                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36757                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47505                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27338                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3141                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1414                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            334809                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1735                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           296694                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1729                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       111521                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       168662                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          844                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       454318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.653054                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.426909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       344126     75.75%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36940      8.13%     83.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23427      5.16%     89.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17997      3.96%     92.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12769      2.81%     95.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9767      2.15%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6530      1.44%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2278      0.50%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          484      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       454318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            756     48.21%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           418     26.66%     74.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          394     25.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3259      1.10%      1.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       228631     77.06%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41546     14.00%     92.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23248      7.84%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        296694                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.338328                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1568                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005285                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1052008                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       448153                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       282634                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           60                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           78                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           18                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        294973                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             30                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5040                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17993                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          116                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          172                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9536                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20550                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92403                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1007                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       336544                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5138                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47505                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27338                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1354                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           544                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           50                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          172                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1472                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6596                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8068                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       287913                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39394                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8781                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61565                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29551                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22171                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.328314                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                283439                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               282652                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           185960                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           295444                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322315                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629426                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       120879                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6976                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       433857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.496956                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.426698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       359804     82.93%     82.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27445      6.33%     89.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13679      3.15%     92.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11692      2.69%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6823      1.57%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3390      0.78%     97.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1990      0.46%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2725      0.63%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6309      1.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       433857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117164                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        215608                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47276                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29480                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23883                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           213698                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6309                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              763892                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             693762                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2719                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 422625                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117164                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               215608                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117164                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.484748                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.484748                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.133605                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.133605                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          558061                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         308684                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               27                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         126309                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.986179                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1986179181984                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9585242335494                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  33342                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    58259                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               33030254                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5047836                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 60132.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2004946963                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3503217369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1472896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4397376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       821440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     59857600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    306208448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           372759040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     59857600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       59857600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    171751424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        171751424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        23014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68709                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       935275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4784507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              5824360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2683616                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2683616                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       741573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2213988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       413578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     30137059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    154169599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              187676441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     30137059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          30137059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         86473278                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              86473278                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         86473278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       741573                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2213988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       413578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     30137059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    154169599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             274149719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    23879                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.999639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         11                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    23895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.000460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.993484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.006156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.999593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.000385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.999977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet               6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet              6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                 6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          365                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             379                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           24                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          23512                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet            38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            23891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23853                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           23891                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     15473000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet       679341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16152341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4116764064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      1910000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4118674064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4132237064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      2589341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4134826405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4132237064                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      2589341                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4134826405                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           18                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           26                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23514                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          23897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         23897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.989556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.923077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999915                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42391.780822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 48524.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42618.313984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175270.949591                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 79583.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175173.275944                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173237.624785                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 68140.552632                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173070.461889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173237.624785                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 68140.552632                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173070.461889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     27141100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2513                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10800.278552                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          23504                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               23504                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23512                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     10925700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet       506100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11431800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3833656604                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1616100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3835272704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3844582304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2122200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3846704504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3844582304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2122200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3846704504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999915                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29933.424658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet        36150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30163.060686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163217.668767                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 67337.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163119.798571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161178.145474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55847.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161010.610858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161178.145474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55847.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161010.610858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          367                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1503232                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          367                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      19690895                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4014.856421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        85404493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      19694968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          4.336361                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7625667360300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1000.797907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.008129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.014039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   145.001501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    46.037267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    921.571993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1901.425586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.244335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.224993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.464215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.980190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31360876                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2577021                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12275243                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     22619345                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               68832485                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        20235627                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             20235627                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       980244                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              980244                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5609782                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              5609782                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31360876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2577021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12275243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     28229127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                74442267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31360876                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2577021                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12275243                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     28229127                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               74442267                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       431417                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       144092                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4577173                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     10864578                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             16017260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8446                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8446                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3619308                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            3619308                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       431417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       144092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4577173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     14483886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              19636568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       431417                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       144092                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4577173                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     14483886                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             19636568                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  14918164757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4230575262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 175191139497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 457991999787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   652331879303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    186872999                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    186872999                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 246128425709                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 246128425709                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  14918164757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4230575262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 175191139497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 704120425496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    898460305012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  14918164757                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4230575262                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 175191139497                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 704120425496                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   898460305012                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31792293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2721113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     16852416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     33483923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           84849745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     20235627                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         20235627                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       988690                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          988690                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9229090                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          9229090                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31792293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2721113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     16852416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     42713013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            94078835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31792293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2721113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     16852416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     42713013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           94078835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.271603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.324471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.188772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008543                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.008543                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.392163                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.392163                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.271603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.339098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.208725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.271603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.339098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.208725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34579.455045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29360.236946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38274.965682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42154.605525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40726.808412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22125.621478                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22125.621478                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68004.277533                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68004.277533                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34579.455045                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29360.236946                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38274.965682                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48614.054646                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45754.446755                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34579.455045                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29360.236946                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38274.965682                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48614.054646                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45754.446755                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             7329651                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  7329651                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           50                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           50                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       431387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       144042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4577168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10864528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16017125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8446                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8446                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3619308                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3619308                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       431387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       144042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4577168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14483836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         19636433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       431387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       144042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4577168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14483836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        19636433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12570988523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3433042958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 149283590116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 397233067389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 562520688986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    687654918                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    687654918                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 225874197510                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 225874197510                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12570988523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3433042958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 149283590116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 623107264899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 788394886496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12570988523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3433042958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 149283590116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 623107264899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 788394886496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     99484911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     99484911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    228977002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    228977002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    328461913                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    328461913                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.271603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.324470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.188770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008543                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008543                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.392163                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392163                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.271603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.339097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.208723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.271603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.339097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.208723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29140.860812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23833.624623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32614.837410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36562.386087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35119.953736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81417.821217                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81417.821217                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62408.117107                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62408.117107                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29140.860812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23833.624623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32614.837410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43020.872709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40149.597765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29140.860812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23833.624623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32614.837410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43020.872709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40149.597765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       5775028                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32204.204678                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        17543838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       5807227                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.021035                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7625507008700                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11620.877933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.081045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.042931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.008421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   505.878142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   129.404252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6283.643183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13664.267928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.354641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.191762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.417000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.982794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       362678                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       131207                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3641892                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8181130                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               12316907                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         7329651                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              7329651                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1458                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1458                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1517927                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1517927                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       362678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       131207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3641892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      9699057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                13834834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       362678                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       131207                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3641892                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      9699057                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               13834834                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68709                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12835                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       935276                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2683398                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3700218                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7088                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7088                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2101282                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2101282                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       935276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4784680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               5801500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68709                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12835                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       935276                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4784680                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              5801500                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6407540023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1216113089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87393351205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 251111559038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   346128563355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     53947313                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     53947313                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 195081908708                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 195081908708                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6407540023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1216113089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87393351205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 446193467746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    541210472063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6407540023                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1216113089                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87393351205                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 446193467746                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   541210472063                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       431387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       144042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4577168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10864528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           16017125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7329651                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          7329651                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         8546                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            8546                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3619209                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3619209                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       431387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       144042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4577168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14483737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            19636334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       431387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       144042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4577168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14483737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           19636334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.159275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.089106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.204335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.246987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.231016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.829394                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.829394                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.580592                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.580592                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.159275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.089106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.204335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.295447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.159275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.089106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.204335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.295447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93256.196757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94749.753720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93441.242163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93579.692255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93542.748929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7611.076891                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7611.076891                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92839.470717                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92839.470717                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93256.196757                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94749.753720                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93441.242163                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93254.610078                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93288.024143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93256.196757                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94749.753720                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93441.242163                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93254.610078                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93288.024143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2660112                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2660112                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       935276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2683398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3700218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7088                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7088                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2101282                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2101282                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       935276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4784680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          5801500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       935276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4784680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         5801500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5443933488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1036739479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74205154022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 213314996192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 294000823181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    555569763                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    555569763                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 164949190728                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 164949190728                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5443933488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1036739479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74205154022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 378264186920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 458950013909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5443933488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1036739479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74205154022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 378264186920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 458950013909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     88842430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     88842430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    200982228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    200982228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    289824658                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    289824658                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.159275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.089106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.204335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.246987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.829394                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.829394                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.580592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.580592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.159275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.089106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.204335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.295447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.159275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.089106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.204335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79231.738026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80774.404285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79340.380831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79494.356108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79455.000538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78381.738572                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78381.738572                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78499.311719                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78499.311719                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79231.738026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80774.404285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79340.380831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79057.363694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79108.853557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79231.738026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80774.404285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79340.380831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79057.363694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79108.853557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          232                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                          584                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                          4                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                          6                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                     6                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    3287                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        10                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                         816                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                             5                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                      934                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     2352                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              3                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   5                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              16852510                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.998726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               488081352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              16853022                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 28.961058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    488076043                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      488076043                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    488076043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       488076043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    488076043                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      488076043                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18127526                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     18127526                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18127526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      18127526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18127526                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     18127526                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 424857430676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 424857430676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 424857430676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 424857430676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 424857430676                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 424857430676                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    506203569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    506203569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    506203569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    506203569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    506203569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    506203569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23437.143639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23437.143639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23437.143639                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23437.143639                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23437.143639                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23437.143639                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      8923702                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            222                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40196.855856                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1274930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1274930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1274930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1274930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1274930                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1274930                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16852596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     16852596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16852596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16852596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16852596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16852596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 325787412656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 325787412656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 325787412656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 325787412656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 325787412656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 325787412656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19331.586223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19331.586223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19331.586223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19331.586223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19331.586223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19331.586223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2721362                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999769                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       9272797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2721378                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.407390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9272588                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      9272588                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9272588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      9272588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9272588                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      9272588                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2721563                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2721563                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2721563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2721563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2721563                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2721563                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  43292899802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  43292899802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  43292899802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  43292899802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  43292899802                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  43292899802                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11994151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11994151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11994151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     11994151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11994151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     11994151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.226908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.226908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.226908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15907.366393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15907.366393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15907.366393                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15907.366393                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15907.366393                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15907.366393                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         3031                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         3031                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2721563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2721563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2721563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2721563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2721563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2721563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  34732029505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34732029505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  34732029505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34732029505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  34732029505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34732029505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.226908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12761.795154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12761.795154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12761.795154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12761.795154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12761.795154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12761.795154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     31802618                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998571                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      61225208                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     31802634                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.925162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     61224636                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     61224636                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     61224636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     61224636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     61224636                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     61224636                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31811052                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     31811052                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31811052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     31811052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31811052                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     31811052                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 401261497759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 401261497759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 401261497759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 401261497759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 401261497759                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 401261497759                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     93035688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     93035688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     93035688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     93035688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     93035688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     93035688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.341923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.341923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.341923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12613.902167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12613.902167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12613.902167                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12613.902167                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12613.902167                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12613.902167                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       116880                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       116880                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31811052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     31811052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31811052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     31811052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31811052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     31811052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 302039305252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 302039305252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 302039305252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 302039305252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 302039305252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 302039305252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9494.791472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9494.791472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9494.791472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9494.791472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9494.791472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9494.791472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              42712883                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999742                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               985884159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              42713395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 23.081381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    724271162                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      724271162                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    260453445                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     260453445                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    984724607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       984724607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    984724607                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      984724607                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     52301593                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     52301593                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     10247073                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10247073                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     62548666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      62548666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     62548666                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     62548666                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1527472287653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1527472287653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 375661767047                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 375661767047                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1903134054700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1903134054700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1903134054700                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1903134054700                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    776572755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    776572755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    270700518                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    270700518                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1047273273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1047273273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1047273273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1047273273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037854                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037854                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29205.081529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29205.081529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36660.397271                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36660.397271                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30426.453135                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30426.453135                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30426.453135                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30426.453135                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     20115715                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         20115715                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     18807404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     18807404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        47437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        47437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     18854841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     18854841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     18854841                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     18854841                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     33494189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     33494189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10199636                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     10199636                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     43693825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     43693825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     43693825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     43693825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 735289762771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 735289762771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 336937496288                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 336937496288                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1072227259059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1072227259059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1072227259059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1072227259059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    103721269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103721269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    239603393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    239603393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    343324662                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    343324662                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037679                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037679                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21952.756126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21952.756126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33034.266741                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33034.266741                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24539.560431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24539.560431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24539.560431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24539.560431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              5964502048                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       597168688                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    597168688                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     63200572                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    433096075                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       348979268                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1956123312                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3279159544                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          597168688                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    348979268                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            974423599                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      337848178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          86109682                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1872404215                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        68605                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2025595                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2163                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        506203769                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     31371762                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1286987                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5164071173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.117825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.561046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4206016886     81.45%     81.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        59199117      1.15%     82.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        59186645      1.15%     83.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        86851081      1.68%     85.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        65719733      1.27%     86.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        80104541      1.55%     88.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        59250228      1.15%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        66445982      1.29%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       481296960      9.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5164071173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.100120                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.549779                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      2028640297                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1926413345                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        898198245                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     37905284                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     272914002                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    5638114577                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         2343                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     272914002                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2110745086                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1540079017                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     57452682                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        847301742                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    335578644                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5481161645                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      3106744                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      57936942                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    257328556                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1915330                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6128607385                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  13815478687                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  13771026922                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     44451765                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   3957016279                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2171591119                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3538449                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3538041                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        734104325                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1060051284                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    427697049                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     69940317                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     45567471                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5241716072                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      6105542                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4577036659                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     10172609                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1686483032                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2528086775                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      2434382                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5164071173                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.886323                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.509974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3307817440     64.05%     64.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    668260078     12.94%     77.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    466586998      9.04%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    287653120      5.57%     91.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    198468311      3.84%     95.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    129800202      2.51%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     73784099      1.43%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     26543023      0.51%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      5157902      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5164071173                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6430281     29.95%     29.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     29.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     29.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        27786      0.13%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       9002175     41.92%     72.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      6012327     28.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     31384915      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3289705356     71.87%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      6887945      0.15%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    897842390     19.62%     92.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    351216053      7.67%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4577036659                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.767380                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           21472569                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004691                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  14347739725                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   6911920427                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4430079318                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     26808589                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     23211536                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12385832                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4553767964                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       13356349                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     97865328                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    360845870                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       797063                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       867356                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    157000068                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       218873                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          592                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     272914002                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1093563162                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     23445242                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5247821614                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29579237                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1060051284                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    427697055                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      5679814                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       9099366                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      2841495                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       867356                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     43394249                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     24619571                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     68013820                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4505004812                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    874731465                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     72031847                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1219410044                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       434109434                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         344678579                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.755303                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4456136426                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4442465150                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3109971034                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4826400260                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.744817                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644367                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1756671701                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      3671160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     63410000                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   4891930008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.714162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.768393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   3809198417     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    372473155      7.61%     85.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    167554761      3.43%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    204829298      4.19%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     76386163      1.56%     94.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     45065233      0.92%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     33764089      0.69%     96.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23167840      0.47%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    159491052      3.26%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   4891930008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1999760547                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3493629218                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             969902451                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            699205440                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             183770                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         368391016                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           9773615                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3471993455                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    159491052                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          9981835316                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        10774630109                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               16830837                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              800430875                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1999760547                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3493629218                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1999760547                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.982608                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.982608                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.335277                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.335277                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      8742568987                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     4931861855                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         11831995                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9034799                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2168969447                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3376718                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        75360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        37560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        43279928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data         7319406                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           50715470                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     43279928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      43279928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet          456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      5254973                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total         6488325                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         9420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         4695                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          5409991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1123916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total             6548348                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          706057                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             725340                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        37942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        18911                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           21790546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            3685169                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              25534187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      21790546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         21790546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       620738                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               230                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           2645770                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              3266737                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       621950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        37942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        18911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          21790546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           6330939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             28800924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                         584                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         232                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                         6                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                         4                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    2                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    4                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   3287                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       10                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                        816                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                            5                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    2352                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     934                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             3                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  5                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     5953177798                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   4111562                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                     7682999                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             7650476                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 4294                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       576273                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                    7650476                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        4294                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          19688506                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          8803657                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               6618                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              2907                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     1833476                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1125712                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   707764                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             5944211672.066776                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             8966125.933224                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001506                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998494                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
